00:00:01 Ethan Anderson
I'm not sure what you mean.
00:00:34 Ethan Anderson
The city is located on the banks of the river Sava.
00:01:27 Andy Santamaria
Hello. Hi, good evening. Good afternoon, I should say. Can you hear me? Yes, I can. How are you? Can you hear me?
00:01:38 Speaker 3
Huh, the service is bad. Can you hear me okay?
00:01:40 Andy Santamaria
Uh yeah,
00:01:41 Speaker 3
I can maybe Yeah let me just dial back in. I don't know why my my my Wi Fi is being spotty Okay sure, Okay, can you see me now?
00:01:48 Andy Santamaria
Um, a little bit. It's a little bit pixelated, but that's okay. I can hear you.
00:01:57 Speaker 3
Hmm. It's so weird. Okay, I think we're we're getting better now. How are you?
00:02:02 Andy Santamaria
I'm good. I can hear you if that's if I can hear you fine Yeah, I'm good How are you doing?
00:02:08 Speaker 3
I'm doing well Thank you so much for jumping on with me here. I'm going to go sit in a different spot. My wi- fi is. Strong, so I don't know what's going on. Um, thanks for jumping on. It's nice to connect. Chris has said such great things about you.
00:02:21 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, that's great. Yeah, Chris is he's a good friend. We've known each other a long time.
00:02:27 Speaker 3
Awesome Well, I haven't known him very long, but he's been great. Andum I don't know how much of any context he gave you so happy to walk you through everything.
00:02:36 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, please I I know that you've got. Uh uh, something that you're working on. And he did some he did some. Some some consulting, it sounds like, But you uh, maybe need some more help and I I will need to learn more about that.
00:02:53 Speaker 3
Okay, cool. You have an incubator where you work with different engineers on different sort of things across the board? Is that right?
00:03:01 Andy Santamaria
Uh yeah yeah I mean. I do I mean, i i do a couple of different things. But uh I work yeah I do work with that as well. Um and it it kind of depends. Yeah, I mean, I guess, I need to learn more about what you're what you're looking for. And then maybe I can provide better service.
00:03:18 Speaker 3
Okay, perfect. Um, awesome. So let me see if you can see me so it's not so one sided. Is that better? Sure.
00:03:25 Andy Santamaria
Yeah yeah I can yeah. It's fine. Video is fine. If you want, if you don't need a video on, that's fine, if that's easier.
00:03:31 Speaker 3
Okay. Well, okay. So basically I am launching a company, it's called Stand. I've raised a small pre seed round.
00:03:42 Speaker 3
My background has been entrepreneurial my whole career. Prior to this, I had a company called The Wing, Which is a women's workspace that was very popular sort of in New York. And we had a bunch of locations. And now I am launching this new company and essentially it's a platform to teach kids about building businesses and in turn, building real life skills. And. So you know, the idea is like schools teach theory, but kids are really, you know, creative and want a sense of purpose and doing. I have kids around this age and Um, I just think there's a big gap in the market, and I think everything's changing as it relates to how kids are learning. And you know, I'm sure I don't know if you've heard of that Alpha School. Like there's just so much happening in the space of kids and education. Ultimately, I don't call it a platform for entrepreneurship, But that's kind of what it is where we give kids the tools to start a business based on interests, like help them come up with a business idea, Help them brand it based on being built on LLMs and utilizing AI for that.
00:04:39 Speaker 3
Um, unlock their storefront, which is they're going to be their shoppable page. Um, and ultimately like create a platform. There's the product marketplace where they can choose products and get everything they need to make or sell. Right? So you are like coming up with your business idea, You are onboarding your, you know, we want to make it fun and magical for them to do that. Um, and then you know ultimately selecting products in the product marketplace. We're not making the products we're curating stand approved products. But like for example, we have a. Partnership with Printify slash Printful, where it's going to be integrated into the app, and there'll be you know a bunch more like that. And, then it's about the ongoing platform tools of teaching kids about you know money management, marketing, but all in a you know storytelling of what their profits are, margins setting goals of what they want to save for spend on give to. And very inspired sort of like from gaming as it relates to. 
00:05:36 Speaker 3
It's called stand because it's a riff on the concept of an old school lemonade stand, yeah. But for age, I was inspired by things like Girl Scouts, and like taking these really novel great concepts, but modernizing them for today's kid and today's age. And so that's really what it is. And there is those three components of like onboarding and making that really personalized and being about their brand, their business idea, the product marketplace, and how we help support that turn into reality with the supplies or, Physical products they need to make their businesses, And then the platform, which will have the storefront where you know where you could purchase their products. And on the back end, Much more of like a gamified fun platform experience to help them like through learning modules to help them level up and unlock rewards of, you know, access to new products, et cetera, et cetera. So that's like the big, the big vision.
00:06:27 Andy Santamaria
Awesome. That sounds cool. Um Where are you today?
00:06:33 Speaker 3
I am in L A. No, I am um, I so I, this happened. I've been working on it since like the spring. And then at the end of the year, I got sort of a lead investor just kind of preempted a process. And now I'm just closing out that process. Hopefully that's done in the next like week or so. Um. But i've raised some capital to date for this um most of the pre seed round. And then um with that, i haven't made any full time hires. You know, I am curious your perspective. Like, I am not a product person, so I am not a digital product founder. I am good at brand, I am good at community, I am good at experiential, which is going to be a part of the marketing strategy here. I am good at like strategy and all you know that those elements which are going to be important to building this in like an authentic way that that actually works. Like, this doesn't work. If you are just getting meta ads to sign your kid up for STEM, they need to see their friends doing it, like it needs to be.
00:07:29 Speaker 3
Much more of like a, a true sort of community feeling. I think um. And I am not a technical person, But who that technical person is today, feels like it's really different than who that was even six months ago. Oh yeah, for sure. You know that's some feedback. I've definitely gotten in some of the investor conversations of like you need to bring that product person on. And like come back to us when you have that. But I've raised uh ninety percent of the money I went out to raise, so it's fine. But um you know I. Brought on Chris as a, I am basically I beta tested this in the summer. Is much more physical elements of the business, and now I want to beta test the digital pieces. So like that was about these CEO. It was all very physical CEO starter kits. They got their cookies. It was very akin to Girl Scouts that was really helpful in being like, okay, t here is something here. This isn't it though, like it really needs to be about their business, their ideas, and we need to help.
00:08:28 Speaker 3
Power that the president of Shopify is an angel investor in in stand. And so, You know moving more towards like it's like a hybrid of a guided experience with more of like an operating system. Like you know and so I am at the place where, I am doing a quick brand exercise that we can apply to this digital pilot that Chris has helped make, Um and I want to get this. This closed pilot out to one hundred plus families, like in the next, like in about two weeks from now. Um, so that I could further test some of the onboarding moments, the product marketplace, And get live feedback and then go build the MVP products with a goal of launching this summer in a small, like in a small, you know, few hundred founding stand CEOs local to LA for the summer.
00:09:16 Andy Santamaria
Nice. Um, sounds awesome. What's the so what is the pilot look like from a uh I guess be. I I. But I would say UX like what is the UX of the pilot? Like what does? Yeah, yeahum like and how how do you? Yeah, exactly pretend pretend it's two weeks from now I'm, a parent and I'm I'm in the pilot like, what what does that look like for me? And what is what does that look like when I have a success like yeah.
00:09:46 Speaker 3
So the idea is like the kids are driving the experience and the parents. So you'll see how we set up and like Chris took a. Big hand in this, like it's all on Claude code. It's not branded yet, so it looks very lovable prototype vibe, like very vibe coded right now. Like this isn't something I would go to market with. This is something I just want to test more. And my branding guy is going to give us more assets for us to build, like much more of a fun real branded experience that we can apply to this. Maybe, this ends up being the ultimate product because it can be maybe not I don't know, but the goal is to.
00:10:22 Speaker 3
Get learnings on what we need from like infrastructure to actually set this up in the right way, based on the things kids get most excited about, right? Is like how we actually build the product, how we you know ultimately get feedback on that experience. And then from the parent side, really how they see the value proposition. We're doing some pricing sensitivity testing and things like that. Um so again this is very, Lovable vibes, yeah, okay. Um, okay, So like you go again, ; can't look like this in any way, but your company. Okay, cool. My son's Quincy; he's eight. We live excuse me we live in L A.; he's eight. Okay, that's me. You know, we need fun kind of interactive things here. Basically, we've come up with like.
00:11:14 Speaker 3
And design wise, it looks overwhelming here, but it's actually only five categories where kids kind of gravitate towards. And this is a part of what we need to get feedback on is, you know, in my investor conversations the biggest questions have come up is like, is this a Girl Scouts like truly guided like experience? Like a closed experience? Or are you more of like a Shopify for kids where you're evolving the features? And letting them do whatever they want on the platform. And you're just powering that right? Ultimately I don't think those are mutually exclusive. I think we can create more of like a safe, curated space of like stand approved businesses and products. Um, but that we continue to evolve and have kids build actual businesses. Most kids will see this as like a fun activity, they can make some money from, but not building you know hundreds of thousand dollar businesses off it. Like it's much more of a learning tool and activity. But, the idea is that they can make real money and teach them about money by making it and actually building the business and learn by doing, which is how I learn and how I think most people do.
00:12:09 Speaker 3
Um, So all that to say is like starting with a part of what we need to further validate is like, what are the four categories that kids really want to launch with, Like get gravitate towards yeah to start stand with because I don't want to have a product marketplace for everything and anything. Like we need this to be much more tight in the beginning, But the idea is that it evolves right and that you can do brand collaborations where we're doing. You know, Lego X Stand exclusive to Stand CEO product drops, and we're doing drops based on the calendar. So okay, It's it's like lemonade making lemonade stand season or it's the winter like here is some new business ideas or back to school stationery, like calendaring it out and making it viral and fun for kids to consistently engage in this, not just be like a one time, you know thing for them. So let's say I like um fashion and beauty and design.
00:13:02 Speaker 3
Okay, I am gonna go with jewelry. And again, t here is too many like we need to further refine this. T here is too many options right now, but just to give you a sense. So I am gonna do bracelets. Okay, cool. Um. So the idea here is that you are going through an experience that we want it to feel gamed and fun. That gives us that we help you get to a place where you have business idea because a lot of kids that I've and I've done this with dozens and dozens on chat, for example, just like qualitative. They either like have a crazy idea that isn't executable, or they don't really. They're like, oh, a sweatshirt line would be cool, but like I don't know. Like or like I don't know slime or beauty. Like they don't really know what they're interested in. And so by helping them sort of be a part of the process, the ideas it gets them you know excited and um doesn't overwhelm them. But right now, just going through this feels overwhelming to me to further refine this um but that we ultimately.
00:13:57 Speaker 3
Give them ideas based on the products we can help them execute, right? So it's like okay, went through that. You told us what you're into. We refined that and now based on this, what do you want? Do you want bracelets or lip gloss? Okay, let's start with a bracelet brand. Okay, right. So I've decided what I want my business to be. Now let's start my brand and I actually don't know how synced up this is on the back end right now because he was playing with different image generators. Because the ones he originally showed me just weren't good, so it might not be great. But okay, come up with your name or we can help you, you know, get a name for yourself. So let's do Quincy's Charm Creations. Okay. Um, then it's like choose colors again, this we need this might be too overwhelming for kids. You know, like we have to kind of get feedback of what this looks like, but we really want it to feel as personal as possible um.
00:14:54 Speaker 3
Then it's like choose some extra colors. Okay, add this color, add this color. Let's actually add black. It goes hard to see it. This color. Okay, so now you've chosen some colors, then we're going to make some like logo examples, like stylistic, like do you want it to feel simple and clean? Do you want it to feel retro and varsity old school streetwear hype? Okay let's go streetwear hype whatever that means um, And, then the idea is it creates a logo for you based on those inputs.
00:15:29 Andy Santamaria
Are you are you hooked up to like Banana API for this?
00:15:33 Speaker 3
So I think it's I asked him to do Banana, Um because that's like what I've gotten feedback is the best one from the graphic design world. Yeah. Um, I don't think it is yet. I think it's just doing chat images right now. But like this is all like he's created the, you know, yeah. The the so even like this is like fine. It's not great Like, you know and then, We give an option to because kids are really used to using the mic on their iPads or parents' phones, etc. So, like you could describe your own. So if you want to be like, "Can you put a football in the center of this logo instead?" and then let's see what it does there. Quinn's, can you close my door? I am still on call, babe. I don't know is that for me?
00:16:20 Speaker 3
Thank you. Okay. Will you close the door, please? Thank you. See, this takes too long. So, but it put like different sport, you know? It's getting closer. So this needs needs some work. But let's say we chose this one, like it still is like spelling it wrong. Like I don't want to use whatever system we're using here, but to give sense so. 
00:16:50 Speaker 3
Um, okay. So now we're like Quincy's charm creations. Time to pitch. So the idea is like, I want this to be much more of like a moment of excitement. Like can we show them like, a designed actual business card? Like this doesn't do it justice right now or like can we show them what they're rendering of their storefront? Like this needs to be the moment of like wow, I can start to do this right and like show them a preview of like, a fun sort of, Their business coming to life. I don't know what that looks like. And then I had this idea of like creating almost like a business plan for your parents to pitch them. Essentially. So, This is like your why. And like we're going to like some kids are doing this for money, some kids are just doing it for fun, some kids are doing it to give back. So, we need to further refine the why here. But like okay, I want to do stand because I have a goal of I need to save for my video game or whatever it is. Um okay so now I've done that. 
00:17:49 Speaker 3
And then it comes up with like, you know, the idea here is like put output like a little mini like investor deck. Like you are like what your business is, like what your goal is, what your brand. And, then we put this in from like a Copa standpoint, because we actually I don't think can keep all that information until they sign up. Like we're in contract with the parent right? So I don't know all the Copa constraints. That's something else we need to further here is like You can continue and send an email. I want to add like send a text to your parents' phone or if your parent like wants to scan the QR code, for example, I scan it um and it takes you to like a review and approve their business. And like all these legal things. And, then this is when you'd see the pricing and get to know more about stand. And then it says like on my end investment complete, you are an investor. Then it says we've got a deal. And then the idea is like. 
00:18:48 Speaker 3
You could further build out your dashboard and like ultimately, I'll show you the product that's the the um, the parent portal, which is where he's currently built the product marketplace. Um, where you can ultimately choose like products to sell. But there is that piece, The product marketplace and the dashboard that hasn't been as big of a area focus. We really focused on the onboarding but, Um, that's where I am.
00:19:19 Andy Santamaria
Cool. That's I mean, that is very detailed and specific. So that's helpful. Um, okay, all right. Let me I am going to sequence some stuff here. Um,
00:19:29 Speaker 3
I don't know about. It's he just said you are like have the best network and could help in different ways. So I don't know what that yeah I will.
00:19:35 Andy Santamaria
Now i'll tell you about me basicallyum uh. So i met woody at square uh, a long time ago,
00:19:41 Speaker 3
Woody people call him woody.
00:19:43 Andy Santamaria
Yeah sorry. I met woody at square. Uh i was. Very early, I was one of the early product managers there. Um, I ran the beta products, which cause i i they wouldn't let me touch the real stuff. So it. It was actually ended up being way way better for me to run this. So basically I got to test everything before it went to prime time. Um, so everything that you see like the the retail business, the cash app, the like the accounting service like I got to run all of those. It was awesome. So I had a I had like. 
00:20:11 Speaker 3
I was connected, sorry to Chris Woody was from Brandon Jacoby. He was at Cash App. He was a product designer, and he knew of Woody. I don't think they worked directly together, but he's an advisor to Stand. I met him Do you know the TPBN guys? Do you watch TPBN? No The popular like Silicon Valley esque news show that they've started. Anyway Okay Whatever doesn't matter. Then Okay keep going Cool. 
00:20:37 Andy Santamaria
Yeah anyway I I was really early I. Have been in product for like the last twelve years. Um, I started uh a little like a venture studio with a with a friend of mine from the last company that I worked at. Um, And we you know, we work with founders for at every stage, like your stage is very common. Um, and then uh I, We kind of have that like just it's sort of on side side right now. It's just sort of doing its thing. Um and. 
00:21:07 Andy Santamaria
Uh, in the meantime, I was like, cool. Well, I got to fill fill up some time and like, what do I know? I've been working with startup founders for the last you know five years. Uh, I got in touch with this fractal engineering community. And then i've i've made partnerships with a few other incubators and venture studios here in the city. Um and yeah, i also was like cool. I need to there's no more product. I mean, there is a product function in startups for sure, but in the really early startups like it. Requires you to actually, you know, get some code going and and you got to do more. So I've really fixed myself in terms of like no longer, you know, Thinking of myself like a product person and really sort of thinking like they changed the names and stuff. But really what I've been doing is a lot of I guess you'd call it like forward. Deployed stuff is sort of the description. But um yeah so I uh I work with. 
00:22:02 Andy Santamaria
A bunch of different like venture studios. And and the one that I work with at Fractal is it's basically an AI accelerator for engineering. Um, and I built a ton of stuff for them. Uh, I work primarily with um, yeah, I I basically work with, like trying to help them elevate the brand, change everything. And so i lIke i built them a new site. I am like about to launch that. I built them a back end portal. Um, i've I've built a program that allows companies to Um, engage with these engineers um on a sort of like on a matching basis. And then I built a i built like this thing, it's called the hiring spa, Which is it takes an engineer's GitHub and resume, and it scans a hundred different sources of jobs. And then you know, matches these these jobs with like skills and DNA of the company and sort of like a very personalized thing. Um, yeah, so like I've been I've been doing all that and I built. 
00:23:01 Andy Santamaria
I built this other app for my friends and I who travel a lot together, And we like milestone birthdays type thing where it's like you've got thirty friends showing up in Italy or something, and like this thing organizes all of that. Yeah, and so I've gotten pretty well versed with like standing up production stuff. And yeah, What I would say is like the thing that you've got that you've shown me. I think you could probably get that, you know, really really sharp in a couple of weeks or less. The functionality isn't isn't not that complex from what I could tell. There's, there's some stuff in there that I that I. You know that you kind of mentioned, like you can add some like whisper API so that they can just it's a really good dictation service so that they're just talking to it. And it's like conversational and like just kind of standing those things up.
00:23:59 Andy Santamaria
And the other thing that I'll send this to you afterward, but if you have a decent set of assets, Claude is actually pretty good at creating a design system. And that design system is not just like you know, it's not like the logo ; like somebody's made your logo, someone's made some sort of like elements and stuff that says "this is it. " The design system is like cool :. This is where the font goes. And when the phone. Shrinks to this size, that font shrinks to this size. Uh, you know, these are the UI components that you use here. And then like all that like that whole thing is is is actually very good for Claude Code.
00:24:40 Speaker 3
Are you like building on Claude Code a lot right now?
00:24:43 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
00:24:44 Speaker 3
Um but I use it very transparent with me. He's like listen. I don't know these tools that well I am learning them and I'd love to learn them with you as it relates to like this project, which we've been doing for like I don't know. Three weeks now, um, maybe a month, but um, yeah. I don't know if this is like the base for what could ultimately be the MVP and like enough to build on. And like to me, you know with kids we need to ensure COPPA. We need to ensure safety. There's like payment rails. Like are we building the back the storefront? So like if you go to standkids dot com slash quincy in the beta, we did like we put up a very scrappy like.
00:25:22 Speaker 3
Profile that the kids could upload their picture to, what they want to save or spend on, give to. And you purchased um products, You purchased their cookies through that site, which linked their parents um uh, which was via Stripe and linked to their parents. Venmo. In that case. Like is there's like an exercise in the long term around like what the actual system we should be using. There is. I don't know if you saw Mr Beast just bought Step, which is like a kid's credit card company. Like that would be Very cool integration on the back end of, like all the kids get their step stand cards. And like that's what powers their business. Like there is a lot to do there, but like there is the copa piece. There is like the UI UX design of making this really think about the onboarding and like a fun magical and like very inspired from gaming basis. And then there is the um actual plumbing and ensuring it's being integrated. It's being integrated with the printifies, like with the actual. 
00:26:18 Speaker 3
Product partners, We could do and I don't need to do all that for this closed beta. But I want to test some version of it. So like the product marketplace, The idea is like you can get a, you have your business toolkit and like your supplies of what you need to actually execute that business where we create like, okay, you are doing your business, your your bracelets. Like here is do you have your bracelets and your lamp? Like your yarn and your tags and checklists. Okay buy it here. Like really be able to bundle like here is your business in a box. We're not making it but like Everything you might need to execute that business right, And so it would be great to test some of that flow in this experience. And like, you know, The idea is not to charge people for this ;. It's just to get like a live focus group where we can further refine it with a hundred people, half of whom I know, Half of whom I totally don't know, get that feedback and then take those learnings and evolve the digital product and be able to have something like ready to launch.
00:27:16 Speaker 3
By early summer, So that we can hit the seasonality of there will be seasonality in this business.
00:27:23 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, that makes sense. And, maybe just so that I've got like we're on the terminology same page when so what I am hearing is and I know you use the word pilot. And t here is a two part to this. But what I am hearing is basically like you've got access to one hundred people or so two hundred people, um like a list or something. And. What, you need to do is, is basically do the product iteration function, like with with a group of users that you're gonna learn and you're gonna be like, well, that didn't work. Like, oh, it turns out that we don't need to use this. And like this is this is actually so that period is just basically like product building. I I, you can call it a pilot or or I'm, not necessarily calling it that. It's just sort of like um we're going to iterate until you get to the point where it's like, okay. Actually, this is ready for G A like general availability. Like. 
00:28:12 Andy Santamaria
I am going to put some marketing dollars or whatever you are going to call in your favors. To be like, let's get this out there. When you describe it as a pilot, Is that something where it's like is the metric or the success metric a little different than what I described there? Like, are you doing this because an investor has like said," I want you to see the pilot"? I want to see pilot.
00:28:33 Speaker 3
This is my own insights and learnings. I think that it's like yeah, the nuanced language is just different but the idea is, I think I am calling it like we did this beta. This is more to me like I am calling it a pilot, Just because it's closed where we're using this group as like a test testing, kind of like live focus group, if you will. Um, You know, and I have that list of, you know, a lot of people, and then I need to get some more people. I don't know which we can do, butum yes, that that's the same here.
00:29:01 Andy Santamaria
Okay cool. I mean, yeah, this it sounds super cool. The the yeah well, I mean, what what can I help with? i i have a lot of. 
00:29:10 Speaker 3
How do you work? How does it like based on where I am at, like what would you suggest as it relates to like, you know, and I am curious like what type of person, Like I've been in, like are these two different people where I need like a great engineer to get this to going right to a place where I can test this, or you know further. Further get it to the to where it is. Uh, you know, feels much more like right now. It feels like vibe coded that you could do in a few days, if you were heads down type of thing um. And that doesn't, I don't want to go to market with that.
00:29:41 Andy Santamaria
So yeah, for sure.
00:29:42 Speaker 3
Is it like an engineer right now and then a product designer? Is it like a who's the right person? I'd love your advice on like building this as like ultimately, I need a full time person alongside of me, but I don't know that I need that yet. Yeah. So that's like one question. And the second question is like is based on where I'm at, like what would you advise as it relates to what your capabilities are? Is it you do you have a team? Yeah for sure. How do you typically work with. Any other companies you've sort of done this with? Yeah,
00:30:09 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, for sure. So, I have. I would take a look at this a little bit more, But like this looks, the biggest gap that I can see right now is, is the way that it looks. And the the assets is the assets that you have is gonna is gonna play a big role in that. So like that, that is where I put, i would put some dollars into that, so that you've got a branding kit. A full here, yeah. I'll show you. Let me show you one thing here.
00:30:39 Speaker 3
Yeah, so and I have a graphic designer who made my original like stand brand, which is like a logo and some of these things. And we're just playing with evolving it to a new world. So I will by next week have some icons and new fonts, colors, and an updated logo that we could with but like my goal is like, As the kids go through the experience, it becomes their brand. So like they create their brand and then it starts to get like, can you skin it with their colors? Like how much, you know, like just fun things like that. Um but I will have my design assets ultimately.
00:31:17 Andy Santamaria
Are they a UX designer? Or are they are they more like they're just going to make a logo?
00:31:24 Speaker 3
Um They are, Not a full UX designer, so they're graphic. Like I'll like I can show you what they're working on in Figma right now.
00:31:33 Andy Santamaria
Well, I'll just let me just just give you like a high level. So this is I made this system design. I'll show you the app after this. This is it's not called it's not called this, um but it gives you all the like the full set. So there's a palette, there'stypography, there are components, the specimens motion screen brand email roadmap It's a lotum so this is, This is like all the references that I've given it, Uh based on you know what I have and then it I've refined these palettes. So.
00:32:02 Speaker 3
So you put together this brand guidelines essentially.
00:32:04 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, And it's but it's everything you'll see at the very. So it's got the rules, it's got rules for where and when to use what for this travel app. Um I've got, you know, this is exactly what you'll see when you see sort of the certain fonts for different pieces, Um sizing scale here is the inventory. Now we get to the components, right? So these are what the buttons look like. Um. For everything and down to like a hover to like an error message. These are the you know, those choices. Like here's the the logistics card, right? And then I I it I've got we'll keep going here. Um badges, avatar stack. Then I've got like So. 
00:32:41 Speaker 3
It's like a group travel that's what you're saying?
00:32:43 Andy Santamaria
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, I'll show you that. I'll show you that app is super fun. Um Like,
00:32:47 Speaker 3
When me and my girlfriends went to Paris, we just used the notes app.
00:32:49 Andy Santamaria
So Yeah no that we all do that. And then we've got Google sheets, and it's just like a it's a it's a mess. Um, but yeah, so this is like the inbox. This like detailed event card. Um, there's the calendar.
00:33:01 Speaker 3
A chic trip.
00:33:02 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, I know, I know. Yeah, my friends they know they know how to travel. Um yeah. And then you know, I've got an expense thing where it it automatically breaks out. Um any event, if there's like a card that gets put down it, just logs it. So then at the end, we can like split stuffum. Yeah, uh, this is just more like, see what is this? This is this I have a smart paste thing, which is just to like yeah, like put in receipts, all that, that kind of stuff. Um token mapping dark light. Uh these are the load screens. These are like these are animations.
00:33:35 Speaker 3
And so you were able to like upload all this onto this essentially?
00:33:39 Andy Santamaria
I so what I did is I used here we're going to come back. I used, I used a branding guideline that I that I paid for. I paid a brand guideline person, and it gave me, it gave me a start. And this is the this is the trick. This is like, I wouldn't share this with other people. Um yeah, it gave me a start and then I I've you know, I know how to use Claude code enough to say, cause i'm a product person like, i know what building apps is like, and i know what i need. And so i just told it i was like, this is what i need.
00:34:12 Andy Santamaria
And it needs to work on mobile. It needs to be React Native so that I can push this into the app store if I want. And like do all this stuff. And then I did just kept iterating with this until I've got a design system that looks awesome. Like, I love the way this thing looks, uh, and it works functionally. Um, yeah, yeah, I'll keep going. And then there's like, I got the logo system. Uh, I gave it a different logo and iterated on that. Um these are my email templates. Uh, yeah, I got this the anatomy for the template for how exactly that, that thing works. I've got all the design principles here. Um, yeah, I've just a very long long winded way of saying like you, it's pretty complete. And so then the you know, The app which which I can show you too is like, um this is the this is the landing page. It's it's only in beta right? It's like only for my friends. Um Yeah. 
00:35:11 Andy Santamaria
But it works, and you know, I've got a trip here. I've got all these like I got all these things, and i I was able to make this with.
00:35:23 Speaker 3
How long did that take you?
00:35:25 Andy Santamaria
Um. Well, um. It's a tricky question. It doesn't take very long, which is again this is the secret if you know how, To build products like I like having worked in product. Like if you know how to build products, it doesn't take me very long to stand it up. Um, Where you are spending most of your time is testing and and uh, doing like user sessions, like user feed, like that stuff. Your pilot stuff, like that's where I am spending all my time. So I am like my friends are my users. And I am like cool here is this thing, and they said, oh, I want this thing to be different or I want this thing to be different, so that.
00:36:09 Speaker 3
You Using anything likeum, what are some of the tools like there'sum HubSpot or something. What is the one that you can Yeah,
00:36:17 Andy Santamaria
I mean I use HubSpot for for Fractal. Like I built them like I built them a whole system for that, that automatically integrates for everything that they do. Um yeah.
00:36:28 Speaker 3
Now, where is that the one that you get the live feedback and you could see where people are going on Oh,
00:36:33 Andy Santamaria
Ium I use PostHog for okay for that. 
00:36:37 Speaker 3
I'm sorry, hot something. I have to ask that.
00:36:39 Andy Santamaria
They're also, I'm sure, I think there's one called Hot Jar. They're also Posthog is post. Posthog is definitely like they came a little bit later. They are now the leader in this, um where it will let you do a replay session. You can see where it's like complete activity and and all that stuff. Um so yeah, I guess like what what? What I've done and I built, I built about like I said, i'm i'm running these things for for Fractal. Um, Like the the hiring spa is like a pretty complex matching engine that I worked on like waiting and scoring to show engineers like stuff that actually matches their their skills, and they're like DNA. Like do they want to be working in an office? Do they want to be working hundred hours a week? Um yeah, so like getting it getting it stood up is is not that hard.
00:37:27 Andy Santamaria
Um, Making it look good is like not that hard as long as you have like I need raw stuff to to be able to put that together and then you kind of just do some cycles. Um, The the piece where like I pay extra for this is when I um do like a security audit. Um, Claude can do those types of things and and it does and like it's fine, but um it's it's nice to have like somebody that's just like a little bit more senior to do that kind of thing.
00:37:57 Speaker 3
Yeah, it's in the kitchen. It's by the coffee machine. You and Quincy can split it. I don't like that you're eating candy at eight thirty, but can you close the door please? It's Friday. Yeah, we're going away. There's it's okay. Close the door now. Thank you.
00:38:17 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. Do you have children? No, I don't. I don't I have I have aniece uh, but she's she's not that young anymore. She's she's playing backgammon with me now. So. How old is she? She's thirteen.
00:38:28 Speaker 3
So this should be a good test. Like, so there's two, just so you know, demos I am going after. There is like the eight to eleven year olds as like the younger skew, and then they're like eleven to fourteen fifteen year old, like twelve to fifteen year olds as the older. Um,
00:38:41 Andy Santamaria
She would be into this for sure. Like I am cause she's already like a longer story, but basically she's now finally like at the thing where she's like, kind of putting stuff together and she's like, oh, you know, my my she doesn't live in New York, she lives in Minnesota. Um, with her her mother. And so she's like, ah, Andy lives in New York. Like what's going on in New York? Like there's sounds like cool stuff. But before she didn't care.
00:39:04 Speaker 3
Yeah, yeah. So I think it's like how do we make this as valuable and like cohesive as possible, because kids could go on chat, they could go on these different things like we're getting wholesale pricing, better pricing, volume pricing via partnerships, but they're not having to hold inventory. So like there's advantages in the product marketplace. The ultimate like gaming and how we create like a fun experience for them to continue to learn. Yeah, is important. Like parents are most interested as like a learning entrepreneurial skill based thing. Kids are most interested in like using their creativity, making some money and like talking to new customers, new people essentially were the sort of main feedback and surveying we've gotten. So um all that to say is like based on where I am at, what would you suggest as a next step for this conversation?
00:39:50 Andy Santamaria
For sure, so I mean personally, I wasn't expecting to be thinking that I would be. I thought I was going to hand you off to somebody. So, am like thinking out loud here. Yeah, I would like to see if this is something that that i could work on with you. And t here is a bunch of other things to go in line with that. But basically, so that's sort of where I am thinking right now. What I would do is, I would pay. I would pay for the brand, like all the assets you can like that. There's nothing like no AI can substitute that part, like you that you have to pay for. Um, I would pay for um and I can make recommendation about it. Like I would pay for a senior person, Like an actual engineer who knew how to write code before Claude um to to do like a very high level system design architecture. Like I can make those with someone to like check it. 
00:40:44 Andy Santamaria
Um, just just to kind of say cool, these are and then sort of scope it out a little bit. Um, cause what you don't need to care about is scale. Like people are like, oh I need to be scale. Like don't care about that. You just want to make sure that all the services, like you're just choosing the right services.
00:40:57 Speaker 3
And like I can like there's payment rails. Like, what's the right like is this being built on Shopify, which probably doesn't make sense or rebuilding it via Stripe? Like how are we linking? Like the right you know I don't want to be a bank. No no for sure, You know, and maybe to start, we can't do all that, which is okay. Like I just need to get something out this summer that I can onboard customers on.
00:41:17 Andy Santamaria
Rail the good news is like payment rails way simpler now. Like where it's easy like. 
00:41:22 Speaker 3
Under thirteen is like tricky. And so that's just a thing to like where in this flow do we collect parents'info and does it go to theirs? Or are they setting something else up? Like there is just a lot of questions. Do we go to, You know, I don't think for MVP, But like ultimately, I do think we go to a green light or a step, and you get a, you know, an integrated step stand card that you can, you know, back into everything. Um, sorry. That's okay. We need to go to school.
00:41:54 Andy Santamaria
Do you do you have a do you have a lawyer? Yes. So they should just provide the guidance on that.
00:42:01 Speaker 3
You know they're really expensive and so I just haven't gone down that, Road yet, and so I use Goodwin. Um, so I kind of want to get to a place of like, Here is what we're wanting to use and like flag any issues versus having them write like a crazy, you know twenty thousand dollar memo.
00:42:18 Andy Santamaria
Oh yeah no totallyum I work with Fenwick which is pretty pretty good. I don't know if you like,
00:42:25 Speaker 3
They are similar sort of space Fenwick Goodwin. They're all kind of well,
00:42:30 Andy Santamaria
They are expensive, but I don't pay like the partner that I work with I. I like always rue the day anytime I have to talk to him because it's insane. But uh I work with a lot of the like the associates. And like they're not they're I don't know like it's not twenty thousand dollars.
00:42:45 Speaker 3
Like I was totally no, I need to do this right. And so I want to tap legal in when when the right time is. I just feel like if it's, I feel it because it's still a bit high level yeah. Need them to see a product and respond to it and be like from a co A, I think like Claude can tell us a lot of the copa constraint things we need to know. But then have a human do another look and like, you know, Make sure we're doing this in the right way, because the safety and the under thirteen of it all does matter a lot.
00:43:13 Andy Santamaria
Okay for for sure. So so sort of branding legal like in a bucket over here, but like do some placeholder version of it. Um I would I would pay I would pay somebody to like help the system design architecture, like just to put those services together. Andum Do,
00:43:29 Speaker 3
You have person? Yeah,
00:43:31 Andy Santamaria
I can recommend people for sure. Um, And and that's kind of like a one. It'll be like a one off, like a few hours. I think probably a few hours, like you know not cheap. It'll probably be like three hundred and three fifty an hour or something like that. But it'll be a one time thing, um and that's just to kind of give you the like, Like I can already tell right now, you are going to be fine on Supabase You are going to be fine on like React app and React Native So then you can push it in later. Um, so you don't need a ton of uh, you don't need a ton of like crazy, yeah. You don't need a ton of crazy scary services. We just got to hook them upum a little bit.
00:44:17 Ethan Anderson
Sorry, that's okay.
00:44:19 Speaker 3
Yeah and it's on like it is on Supabase. It is on some of these existingum tools. You're we are referencing. So I do think like. Chris got it to this place. He's starting a new job next week. This was like a project to get it going, And so now need to be able to like offboard that. And like take what he has, get put handed to the right person, And do like a few weeks sprint to like I. I would like to be in a position by March. I could even like with friends and family start to test and get something that's like brand feels for sure.
00:44:50 Andy Santamaria
I was going gonna say if you have, let's just say this if you had the, The assets like really good, and you are like, I feel good about all the assets today. Yeah, between probably between me and like maybe another junior person if we needed to, Like I mean, could stand this up pretty quick uh and and get it looking looking like you are happy to share it with people. And so you you are like this doesn't look like vibe coded. Um oh,
00:45:20 Speaker 3
This isn't it hold on.
00:45:22 Andy Santamaria
And uh, Yeah. Um.
00:45:26 Speaker 3
So like he hasn't updated this so just so you see. Um, this was like our old inspo look and feel, and we've since evolved it to be much more older feeling. But he like gave us for the beta, you know, he put together all these like things assets for the kids business cards. Like this was the brand we had at the timeum. Of different, you know, yeah. You guys showing process of it. Um, But then now we're doing another brand sprint where we're playing with like an elevated. It's not going to look like this is too A I E feeling, but like an elevated gaming world meets like build your own camp. Like, we're just here and today, he said, he'll pop in some of the assets. So I think it could be enough. 
00:46:18 Speaker 3
By next week to start to it doesn't have to be perfect either. Like this is a scrappy brand sprint. Like this isn't the forever brand, But I want it to feel good enough that it feels like your owned experience, a lovable esque vibe. But logo, the color palette, the fonts, some icons you know and then we can kind of build from there.
00:46:36 Andy Santamaria
Yeah yeah and like I again, like I, you can be honest like I don't know if my app looks like it was it's not unlovable, but hopefully doesn't look vibe coded at all like. Yeah, no, it looks nice. Yeah, like I run Claude in the terminal, so like I am just i am not using the app. Like i am like I am in the main route.
00:46:53 Speaker 3
But your background's not engineer or it's kind of a hybrid?
00:46:57 Andy Santamaria
It is now an like mixed. Yeah Like I am basically my role like now what I'd be called i'd be called a product engineer or a forward deployed engineer. Because like that product doesn't really exist anymore at a at a startup. Um yeah it's they exist at big companies. Like if you raised an A, Or or higher, like for sure. Um, but they really don't exist anymore. Like the the the role is now like you have to be coding. Um and. 
00:47:22 Speaker 3
So you are and that's what I think I need, Which is like a product minded person who can be more technical. And like Chris was very transparent, where he's like, I am not technical. Like I am learning these tools, but like he's and he has like a P M background. Um. So this is more of like a I feel like it's seventy five percent front end design, UI experiential and twenty five percent like. En suring, we have the right plumbing back end with the right people to do that, so okay, so I am just running a few minutes late to this next call. But what are your thoughts on next steps with this conversation?
00:47:56 Andy Santamaria
Well, I think we should probably have another conversation. I am going to reach out to some people that I know that could be up for engineering either on the senior like the architecture side or. I can I can also find you like another person. That's gonna be similar to me. If you like wanted to speed it up. I don't know how fast you wanna go. But um I could probably get that as well. And like the the junior type people that I would get like, um they'll probably be like fifty sixty dollars, an hour um mine's closer to a hundred. But uh like you know that it kind of depends on it kind of depends on what the what the deal is, the way I always do this with with the customers that we work with um.
00:48:38 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, And I can I can give you a customer that I work with if you wanted to talk to them. Um, is like go fast and like go fast and and change fast, and then you'll you'll figure out what you've, you know, you'll figure out what's working, what's not. And like people are like, well, what the question that I always get is they're like well What's ten hours going to get me? " And it's like You really You know. It depends on how much how responsive you are to certain things. Like how if I am blocked on assets or if I am blocked. You know it kind of depends but like, What I do say is like if you are going to build this, You are already committing like something like let's start doing that thing quickly and sort of set up the arrangement. Um, and then you'll learn a lot more about the the cadence.
00:49:20 Speaker 3
Someone to ultimately like run the tests with me too, like collect data help me. You know that's going to be I. Can't just have a product going out there. And yeah, people and talk like I, right? That's going to be getting to a place where it's ready and then actually spending a few weeks. Running the tests, Like there'sum spring break, is it that you know late March for these kids. So, the idea is like if we can get something ready in two weeks that we can then deploy for the first two weeks of March, Get feedback and start to get like be able to take those learnings and then go and iterate on. That's that's my timeline goal.
00:49:57 Andy Santamaria
I think that I mean it's possible, it definitely makes sense and it's achievable. The the thing yeah. And then just sort of like forward looking what I would say is like. Iterating this pilot process of getting this feedback and getting this stuff like that, I think you can do that with sort of the team that I just described. And then, once you are like, "Wow, this is working! People are jazzed and and this is this is it, " then it's like um then I can help you hire your founding engineer. Basically is the that first engineer. Um and what will be nice is like you will have already paid. 
00:50:32 Andy Santamaria
For the architecture system design from a senior person, so the engineer doesn't have to like decide that themselves. It's kind of already set up and they they have a sandbox that they can work in. And and they will have known, they will know how to work in those. They don't not step them up. Um, so then yeah, Like then you are hiring founding engineer. Like if there I don't know if they need if you have an office or if they need to be in office or whatever, then I can tell you like I can refer those. I can help you with all of that stuff because like I work with a bunch of these um. Engineers as well.
00:51:04 Speaker 3
Cool, awesome. And, is this something you mentioned you might want to take on yourself or what?
00:51:08 Andy Santamaria
I would love to do this first stretch. Yeah, I would love to get you to that point where you are like," This is working," and I am very confident in the go- to- market at a broader launch in the summer. Yeah, yeah, I'd love to do that and like I am. I'm happy to do another call and just like go more in depth about the stuff that I built. And show you how stuff works and like show you some tricks. And, um, cause there's there's yeah, there's a lot. And uh it's what it is is like, and I know you're way over so I apologize on that. But okay. What what it is is like It's It's something that like I bet you could do this yourself if you wanted to. Uh.
00:51:55 Andy Santamaria
But it is like, is that the best use of your time? Is like the answer's no. Um, it's not. It's something else. But like uh, It's it's it is hard to like get from lovable to like, oh, this actually looks and feels like a product, you know, professional stuff. Like that is actually that it's like a ten percent five percent thing that that is pretty hard. And like I think having a product background is like and me working with these engineers side by side has made that. The gap, so yeah, I think. Yeah, Maybe I mean, maybe we can do another follow up call, and like I will reach out to some people who I think could be helpful on the senior design, the architecture design. Okay.
00:52:39 Speaker 3
If, you have any other questions for me, like feel free to let me know. No, That sounds great. Maybe we could jump on Tuesday? Sure. And continue a conversation around getting into more details. And then if there's other companies or anyone you want to share you've done this sort of. Type of arrangement work with that would be super helpful. Um, yeah, Time is obviously like I have a goal to to hit. And so I am looking to like finalize this plan by next week and start start that process to to sprint towards the last two weeks of February. Um, So that's that's my plan. And I think your recommendation on like sort of the team setup could make a lot of sense. Uh, My I have a network in a lot of places like that's not where my network is. And so I am eager to like.
00:53:24 Speaker 3
Have access and find the right people involved, and I am in LA. Obviously, So like you know whether I come to New York, and we jam in person for a couple days or whatever.
00:53:33 Andy Santamaria
Or my family's in Napa and my brother's in Vegas, so like I am happy to make an excuse to go to LA.
00:53:41 Speaker 3
Okay, cool. Yeah, I think like we could bang this out pretty quickly honestly. Um, I just feel like I want to make sure it's being set up for this test. The setup doesn't matter as much as it relates to like, Some of the kind of safety and structural things, but like that's obviously really important. So I. 
00:54:04 Andy Santamaria
Would set it up now, like do all that stuff so that so that as soon as something's working, you are confident that like you can get to that next stage. And I guarantee you that in a year, you will have thrown away every single line of code;, it will be completely rewritten if this is working. Likeum, But, but I would set that's what I am saying, like I would set it up for right now to get to the summer, Um right. And because if you are testing like there is you don't want to do another rewrite of of this, if it's working. But and like the only thing standing between that was a rewrite. Um so if you just do that little little bit now to just do some thoughtful architecture, then you might even get further than you thought. We're not sure.
00:54:46 Speaker 3
And I think that. Chris can pass along everything in a way that you can obviously, on the back end, see where what's what so far as it relates to what I, what what is being yeah is already done.
00:54:56 Andy Santamaria
If you could give me read access on GitHub, that would actually be very helpful.
00:55:02 Speaker 3
That's a Chris thing. I have he has the tool, he has the the key to the prototype right now. So, that's what I'm talking about him is like how to offboard and give it to the, you know, put in the hands of the right person. Well,
00:55:13 Andy Santamaria
It's you You should own the GitHub repo. You are the right person. Okay, cool. Yeah, you should own all these services. Uh, just you know do that. I would do that like immediately. Okay, cool. That like the, you don't ever want to be like, oh, I have to ask an engineer, like, you know, not Chris or whatever, but like you never want to be in a position where you're like. Oh, I have to ask somebody for access to that like that is that is not it's not okay. Okayum. 
00:55:46 Speaker 3
There's bugs in my hair. No, there's not. Okay.
00:55:55 Andy Santamaria
Looking out for you.
00:55:57 Speaker 3
Um, that's funny. Okay, cool. So what time on Tuesday works for you?
00:56:11 Andy Santamaria
I Can pretty well'cause yeah, I mean I'm sure you're up early tooum, I could pretty much do like any time. I would say, like right now. Um, I'm gonna be, I'll be in Williamsburg, but I should be there.
00:56:31 Speaker 3
He's trying to brush my hair with it.
00:56:33 Andy Santamaria
Oh okay,
00:56:33 Ethan Anderson
I see.
00:56:48 Ethan Anderson
Not as mad. Yeah.
00:56:50 Speaker 3
Um, what time did you say?
00:56:51 Andy Santamaria
I can be pretty flexible. Like I'm going to be, I'm going to be in commute. I'm traveling and to to get to Williamsburg because I don't live in Brooklyn, Butum yeah so yeah,
00:57:00 Speaker 3
You tell me Do, you want to do 10:00 a. m PST which is 1:00 p. m your time? Yeah, yeah easy Cool Um I will send that to you now Um. 
00:57:15 Andy Santamaria
If you get access to your like transfer, you need to make a GitHub repo. Like you need a GitHub organization and it should be like you make one, Lauren makes one. It's make an organization, use your email and then have if Chris has it, like just have him transfer ownership to your organization. Um. 
00:57:35 Speaker 3
Like I don't even know how to do that, but I guess I'll figure it out.
00:57:37 Andy Santamaria
You'll figure it out. It's I'm sure you'll figure it out. And if you're not, if you don't, if you can't figure it out, then like. Ping me over the weekend or whatever, and I can help you. Butum go to GitHub right now, Later after this or what I know you have a call like make an account and it's your email. And then you know make an organization like and then and then that's it. And then if Chris can't help you with that, let me know.
00:57:57 Speaker 3
Okay okay got it. I'm on it. I'll do my work email yeahum, Okay, cool. Awesome. Okay, Well, we'll talk Tuesday. If there is anything else you can send over. And some of those, like here is a client or thing, or whatever that'd be awesome. And then I'll try and get this, and then we'll we'll kind of hopefully refine it further Tuesday. Andum yeah, if you have ideas on, like you mentioned that team makeup, but if you can put pen to paper on like, oh yeah, I recommend for like a couple weeks or whatever that looks like I think,
00:58:27 Andy Santamaria
I know, I've done, like I've worked with a bunch of startup founders all the time. So like I can tell you what the next. Six months looks like pretty confidently. Um, yeah, and yeah, I'm happy to share that.
00:58:38 Speaker 3
Awesome. Okay, great. Cool. Well, thank you. I appreciate it.'excited to continue the conversation. Have a great weekend Yeah,
00:58:45 Andy Santamaria
Likewise You too I'll see you later. 
00:58:46 Speaker 3
Okay Bye bye. 