00:00:14 Lauren Kassan
Hello. Hey, how's it going?
00:00:16 Andy Santamaria
Good, how are you? I'm good, thanks.
00:00:18 Lauren Kassan
Awesome. Thank you so much for sending this over and for jumping on so quickly.
00:00:23 Andy Santamaria
Oh yeah, yeah of course.
00:00:24 Lauren Kassan
Um I just wanted to clarify a couple of questions on the out of scope and see what we could do there So I think this all looks great Couple things like the categories.
00:00:38 Lauren Kassan
The ones that like where where we're landing, It's not exactly what was told in some of the surveys and stuff that you I think took some of that input from. So, that's not that relevant for this conversation. I just want to highlight that, That I think. Um, We should talk a little bit more about the business categories when we kick off. Um.
00:00:58 Andy Santamaria
You know you kind of already know like what you want to do with that?
00:01:03 Lauren Kassan
Um so we have this document I will share it with you right now. 
00:01:10 Lauren Kassan
Um, just put you in that. It's coming from somebody else. I don't know if you could see it, so until you get access to it, let me share it. Okay. We've been playing with I have this girl or this womanum Alex who's at Petra, which is like a creator's, um kind of like Shopify esque type of thing. Andum we are like playing with like what the right cool, different ones,
00:01:36 Andy Santamaria
This is good. Yeah, This was a this was kind of like a. One thing where I was like, I can build anything. I just need to know what what yeah, what we need.
00:01:45 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, we have to analyze this further. Um, so if you go to like the final pilot program, Like we're trying to do things that are easy for us to execute so that we could get these learnings. So, this is not the final final version, but it's but like cooking, baking and making design, like animals, fashion and style and sports is like kind of the main. Like, do you want to be a baker? Do you like artists? Like, There's kind of like five categories, we probably start with as the ones and then kind of getting input like, what else would you want to do? What are we missing? So, we take that input but don't make it so open ended that it's confusing for the kids. Sure. Sure. I just wanted to share that because I noticed that, that we could kind of get more into. Sure. Um, so for the um the questions I have, let me go back to what's not included.
00:02:36 Lauren Kassan
Um, I think the biggest questions are on the AI image generation and the voice input. So for AI image generation, what do you envision here? Because I think the logos and like kids kids are very creative. They can do a lot on Canva. Like I think this is a pretty important piece of like, is it like upload your own art? Yeah or um is it, Do, we just link to a banana.
00:03:03 Andy Santamaria
I can put yeah I can put that in there for sure. I think I guess what I'm what I've the reason why? Well, there's a couple of things, I. What i i basically. As long as you know thatum. Like that, Is a huge feature. So like I can definitely do the first version of it, and we can do it in two weeks. And you know, whatever like, we knew that first version like and it'll beum. I am like I can't. I am very confident about a lot of the stuff that if I tell you that I am confident about it, like I am, I am confident. i haven't done Like for me to do some stuff, It took me a long time to get it to to do stuff really, really well. And i.
00:03:59 Andy Santamaria
Pretty sure I can hit your bar in two weeks.
00:04:03 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, like even like the style guide, if it's like your colors, your fonts, You are like kind of like what you showed me, and then it puts out with like a less sophisticated emoji or icon or logo. Like I just think I don't want it to fall flat there and then be then be bummed out that we didn't include it. But I think it's an important part to test and this is the test. And so I would like to include that, you know we, Like Chris's version isn't horrible, you know. Like it could if it was branded and ready to like, if it was more dynamic and branded, I would bring it to people. So I don't think it's like that, you know. And, he passed me the GitHub, and we can talk about like how I get you access because I have no idea how to do that.
00:04:43 Andy Santamaria
No no no worry about it. It's fine.
00:04:45 Lauren Kassan
Um But yeah,
00:04:47 Andy Santamaria
I can put that in there. I can put that in there. I guess, as long as you like, let's see what i was going to say. Um.
00:04:54 Andy Santamaria
I can, I can pretty sure like I am pretty sure. I can hit a bar that is like acceptable. And and then as long as you know that like, I would like to spend. A long time like a good chunk of time. Like I would like to spend like. A day's just doing that and just making that experience great. Yeah,
00:05:17 Lauren Kassan
And if I don't know if like is David better suited to as an AI engineer do that. And we. Plug him in there. I have zero idea.
00:05:26 Andy Santamaria
Oh no, no, it's it's it's all fine. It's definitely like I can definitely do it. Um and yeah, I'll use I'll use David if we need to. It's, it's more so is just like there is you know, there is there is X many hours with twenty four hours in a day. There is just like only so many hours in the day So like, I can definitely do thatum Yeah Uh, but like like kind of like I showed you, you know, with the you looked at those I don't know if you like click through those design exploration versions and stuff Like. You know, you can do that in forty five minutes. You know, some you can do a version of that in like some time and like, But if you want to get it to be as good as I, I know that we can like later after this sprint. Like we'll have to be like cool. We're going to go really hard on making this incredibly incredibly sophisticated so that.
00:06:15 Andy Santamaria
So that it becomes a differentiator for your your app. And like I I want that to be that thing. I we won't be able to do that in two weeks, but but I want it to be that eventually. That's all.
00:06:25 Lauren Kassan
So I just want to make sure there's a vert like I was kind of confused when we talk about like your brand card. I'm like, what does that really look like? If there's no logo, Like how are we developing a brand card or a digital storefront, Like rendering or something? So, That reveal momentum feels, So I want to push that as far as we can push that in terms of like, magical, gammed interactive. Like I'm seeing a very visual world, not like you showed me the design. You know what you showed me as it relates like more of a static brand. Now I want to see that feel much more interactive and come to life. And like have that, that fun moments for the kids. Yeah yeah,
00:07:03 Andy Santamaria
We can do that for sureum and and I yeah, I agree that that's definitely, like something, That, Yeah, that that's part of what makes this really exciting. Um, yeah. Um, I thought you were gonna Yeah, I thought you were gonna go ahead. What was that? Oh, I thought you were going to ask about something something different. But that's fine. Did you think I was going to ask? I thought you were going to ask about Printify, um which i i prepared for that one. Um That one?
00:07:28 Lauren Kassan
I'm less, I I don't think it's that hard based on like the doc they sent, but I don't know. So yeah.
00:07:35 Andy Santamaria
I I can so I will do one more like review of it.
00:07:40 Lauren Kassan
I think You see the doc they sent? Yeah, yeah. Okay.
00:07:44 Andy Santamaria
Um, I think we could do it. What I would probably swap out is like this CEO dashboard, like just just for the sprint, like because that basically is more, Compelling than like, you know that like you can use this stuff to do, like you've got stuff to sell. And like you've got pricing and like there's there's like a lot more to come back to and like I, we could divert. You know, you could like ship that without the CEO dashboard. Um probably that, that was one thought that I had where I was like, actually because the dash the CEO dashboard is still very it would be the light version. Whereas this one is just like actually.
00:08:23 Andy Santamaria
No, you've got your stuff. Like you can sell stuff, like you can pick your things and like you can almost do that piece. And so like that actually might be better. Mhm, mhm. And then the voice thing, I want to do that. I justum I'm pretty sure I can do it. I just didn't want to put it like in a commitum. 
00:08:44 Lauren Kassan
The voice thing. My question there was like it seemed pretty core to what you feel like the right product build is as it relates to like. The left side you're talking, the right side you're showing. Like without that in this version, is it the same thing? But they'retyping. They're just not It's not on amic. What's the sort of Oh,
00:09:01 Andy Santamaria
For sure. So, it's a it's a combination basically like if you if you went through, like what I'm what I'm envisioning is like there's a there's a pane There's two panes. So like the right side is the build and everything that every time they do something like they get they get a dopamine You know there's like cool I'm building every choice. Like is engaging. The left side is just sort of like your input. Pain, so um, you can type for sure, But I am also going to incorporate buttons that they can just do the stuff. So it's like color. Yeah, it makes it really really easy. And, then, of course, the voice thing is just like the cherry on top, where it's like all right cool I am in sort of like, Like god mode or whatever where you are, just like do this thing. And you know, like I, uh, have babysitted a lot of kids um and they love to tell you what to do at a certain age. And like that, that kind of there is like a.
00:09:51 Andy Santamaria
I don't know. It's it's pretty powerful for that kid to be like, I've I've commanded something to do something and I've got it. It's like, it's kind of scary.
00:09:58 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I think if it's the button for it, think if it's as long as it's interactive and showing that. Yeah. I think that's fine. I think like, I am actually like concerned about the two way conversation You know from an onboarding standpoint, so We can do there are. 
00:10:14 Andy Santamaria
Two buttons easily very easily. 
00:10:18 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I mean, it'd be interesting to, Like I do want toum.
00:10:22 Andy Santamaria
What I was hoping to do is is to do mostly that. And then my my goal was to be like, To build this voice, um the voice agentum as a stretch, and then and then give you a feature flag. So if you wanted to give it to somebody, one person, one user one, you could feature flag it for them, and you'll have because you're going to have your own admin panel. And you can just feature flag that and be like cool they could. 
00:10:48 Lauren Kassan
Some sort of like lesson here. No, no, no. I am going to need some sort of GitHub. 
00:10:55 Andy Santamaria
For dummies. Yeah, There will be one t here is like a very unfun part of this that we'll have to do, which is probably you and me, maybe David. Um but you are going to have to just kind of like you are gonna have to set up a one password. Um you maybe already have that, you know, set up a one password You are going to have to make a new email, and it's going to be something like admin at. You know, Stan kids, And then you're gonna have to give that to all of us. So that like David and I. So that we can go in there and configure configure and hook up. And it's just it sucks, but it's just like that. And that way, sort of like you're going to have sort of, you know, maintain everything. Yeah.
00:11:31 Lauren Kassan
Yeah. Yeah okayum cool. And then yeah I think those were my questions. And like what that grand reveal shareable card was if it's not super. Like is it like it's looking like their storefronts that like it's skinned in their branding. Looks like theirs. I think like the icon logo is going to be important piece of that. So as long,
00:11:55 Andy Santamaria
We can do it for sure. So like the it can be, I mean the deliverable right for the the payoff or the grand reveal can be, The storefront, It you know, It won't be It well, I have to look at printify. Uh printify Do they host all this stuff? They. 
00:12:11 Lauren Kassan
Host which stuff. 
00:12:12 Andy Santamaria
Like do they host your storefront or is this, No, it's just it's just making the stuff right. So yeah, stop. Okay,
00:12:19 Lauren Kassan
In terms of hosting the storefront, like for the test we did, and this is a key architectural question that we'd need David probably for. Like for the test we did, We just set up Vercel and I want to get the guy who did my beta beta was eight nineteen at University of Michigan. He just like scrapped it together and did Vercel, Um, and did unique URLs. So it's like sandkids dot com slash Quincy, but everyone had their own. But, it was just like a page that you know, integrated with the Stripe. And in the onboarding, we got the parents Venmo's accounts and then pay them out. It was very manual and not at all scalable. No,
00:13:00 Andy Santamaria
No, yeah, that's fine.
00:13:01 Lauren Kassan
I'll I'll take care of that. The question I have is yeah. Like how do we I don't know if we're hosting tens of thousands of storefronts, how expensive that gets right versus.
00:13:12 Andy Santamaria
It's fine. Yeah, cool. Yeah, where you are gonna like I said, where you are gonna spend money is like on the AI model, like calling calling those APIs.
00:13:21 Lauren Kassan
And the question I also has is a lot of these kids like, you know, I think the older one, and we don't need to do this now at all. I just want to put in your the back of your all's head is like with the storefronts, can it become their business name, right? Like not just stankids dot com slash aziz charm aziz you know, Fabulous charm. So that's enough to start, but like ultimately they're going to really want that for sure. And,
00:13:48 Andy Santamaria
We can bake in. We can bake in basically the registrarum into the product. And then you can make a commission off of that. Um so so they can buy it through, like they can buy it through stand, But you know, we're we're buying like I want my name, or you know, Go Daddy or whatever the ones that you do. And then like you make a commission on top of that. Um and then. 
00:14:09 Lauren Kassan
I think, Like maybe it's we have like standkids dot com slash, Quincy's you know cube bro whatever. Do you want to make it your own like, Purchase type of, yeah,
00:14:19 Andy Santamaria
That's that's super easy to doum and okay. So yeah, this makes sense I think what I think then for the pilot. So to kind of recap like. The the grand reveal I've I got that and all that stuff on. What, we won't have for this for the two weeks is like I won't have the payments part. There, but we can do that right after. But I will have, I will have like a real store that shows that shows like your real products, and it'll be stand, it'll be San, Kids, slash blah, whatever their thing is with the products and everything. And, then there will be some we could probably put like some sort of CTA. Will it'll be hosted by you? Like we'll host it and everything for now. Um, and then of course the next step is like cool, let's turn on payments and then it's real. Um so. 
00:15:09 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, that that should be good. And then you know, with the kids' deliverables are like, I've got a real store, that like looks almost operational. It's like something I can share. It has my real logo. It has my real designs. It has the whatever the customizations and sort of this, the stuff that they put into it, that's like all theirs. Um and then yeah, the brand card is just like a it's just like an extra takeaway thing. um, That uh yeah, that is just like show your parents or whatever. That's kind of a thing, but that sounds like it should be okay. Is that does that sound like what you are thinking?
00:15:46 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, that sounds good.
00:15:48 Andy Santamaria
Okay coolum. Cool yeah I think, yeah, oh and and the AI, yeah, like AI image generation, like definitely, we'll do something like thatum so that it's and I am like I said, well, hit I am sure. I can hit hit the bar that you are excited to share this with. Hundred people, um, and then and then we should go back and make that really really good. Um, because like I said, I I know it's possible. I've done it before. I just want to, I got to figure out how to like actually productize that in a way. And there is a couple of other yeah. There is a couple of other tricks that like I Like. I was going to do this anyway. I just haven't done it yet, but i want to i've bookmarked a bunch of research to go look at how to do that in a cost effective way.
00:16:33 Andy Santamaria
Um, cause you can use different models for different parts of that journey. Um, that yeah, that they'll be all good. So it's it's already on my list. I just haven't done it yet.
00:16:42 Lauren Kassan
Cool. Okay, awesome. Um, this sounds great. So I just want to make sure we're aligned with that. Don't know if you need to update it with that in mind, but wanted to make sure we're I'll update it for sure. Like super scary from my perspective, but real, this is I, just put this art. Okay, let me see. Okay.
00:17:07 Lauren Kassan
Okay, wow. Okay, take a look. It's creepy and I don't like it. Wow, but just for you to read, I guess. Yeah,
00:17:15 Andy Santamaria
No, I definitely will. I yeah, I've been reading. I've been i read that other one This is such a wild wild time. I mean,
00:17:23 Lauren Kassan
This is Yeah and I don't want Stan to just be like kids making crap consuming crap. Hawking crap like that is not what i am building, and i am leaning towards, and this might not be. What the VCs want to hear, but I don't care. Like this needs to feel more wholesome. It needs to feel more DIY. It needs to feel more community oriented and less of that. That's not what we're going for. So, But it's good to know what they want and try and like thread the needle of, like what I am trying to achieve with, like how do meet kids where they're at a little bit more? Like I can't force like a you know, learning activity DIY thing that they're not going to want to do.
00:18:00 Lauren Kassan
And this is gross.
00:18:01 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, no, there's I know there's there's definitely something like, there's something here about like, there's there's a gap. Just there's a gap in the market. Like this this version of of what you're doing is like you're filling that gap. And there are people doing a different version of this and I've seen other. 
00:18:18 Lauren Kassan
And I think like looking at like Go Henrys and Greenlight. Like I was talking to this guy who was Zynga for a while. Um. 
00:18:26 Andy Santamaria
Haven't heard that in a while that name. 
00:18:29 Lauren Kassan
He's like he was like a, you know getting gaming sort of you know thoughts there. Um, I actually think he'd be he'd be very helpful. He has a couple of kids around this age, and his daughter has like a t shirt line and was talking about what they do. And he was saying like she doesn't get the quick dopamine hits from it. Like she'll make a sale and then get a bunch of no's and then sort of like lose interest. And then a month or two later be like, hey, I want to do it again. And so it's like how do you yeah them engaged and reward them? And like, Gamify it in that way. Um, why did I start to go off on this tangent? What was I saying originally? Well,
00:19:05 Andy Santamaria
You're doing it differently. One, you might want to. I don't know how you feel about incorporating gamification into stand.
00:19:14 Lauren Kassan
Oh, I think it's going to be critical. Yeah. I think the gamification and the community are going to be the retention tools. They're then going to be the reasons people keep coming back. Um, For sure.
00:19:27 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. Um,
00:19:28 Lauren Kassan
I have why I started to talk about that, but yeah.
00:19:31 Andy Santamaria
And and I thinkum like I knowing what I like working with this accelerator, the the education thing, I think you've got, I think there's like, I think you have a pretty big opportunity to like work that in to make that really useful. Yeah.
00:19:46 Lauren Kassan
That's, what I was going to say is he was saying that GoHenry has totally changed how his daughter starting to think about money. In terms of like the lessons, right? And. So I think like looking at the Go Henrys and the green lights and the steps, Those are being the three main ones as it relates to like financial literacy for kids and how they teach that. Nobody's doing that for business. Yeah. So I think like he was like, if you can figure out how to do that, that's the learning you're talking about for business. Um, that is going to be game changer.
00:20:20 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. Yeah. Because I like I was telling you my my friend, She has three three daughters. You know, they're all they're like smack in the middle of your cohort, um like from I think seven or eight to to thirteen, um so they're like right in the middle and. They like I, said one of they're like asking me like they one of them made a Framer website. And then the other one writes poems about their dog. Like they do dog sitting and stuff and then the other one draws. So, like all three of them are contributing to this thing, and they're like, how do we. How, do we turn this into a business? And like what do I? What do we do with this? And I was like, how much time do you have? Because there's so much that could go into this and like all that. And so something like this, you know, is the answer. Like instead of really instead of doing me, it's like I should just be like, you guys should have just signed up for Stand. Uh and then like that's your thing. And I'm.
00:21:09 Lauren Kassan
I want to build and that's what gets me excited. And like I'd, much rather hear that from an entrepreneur than from like aeducator who's never built a business, you know? And that's, I think, where this can can play. And um, yeah. So I'm I'm totally aligned and I just wonder do we create not from like a adding more to more. But like I do wonder how we can just while we have this captive, like onboarding moment, or at least like a parent feedback moment, how do we um maybe sort of be like I think it's probably in the pricing landing page, but explicitly.
00:21:47 Lauren Kassan
Showcase, like here is what like, you know storytelling pricing like you know customer feedback marketing, Up, you know, logistics, like all these elements of learning and yeah, within the modules we can build in like a fun way, like even just showing them the tiles I think would be enough. You know I went to Khan Academy. I am like you would think I've had a hundred copies. I only had one. I went to Khan Academy um this morning, and I was looking at like their entrepreneurial stuff. They have nothing. It's crazy. Like they just have master classes with like random founders. There is no actual like learning piece. Is is very interesting that I really thought they would have something existing. So, anyway,
00:22:29 Andy Santamaria
Just kind of and the community thing too, like this is the thing that I was going to mention, like if you can nail that because like the fractal community right? They do this accelerator whatever, like they could just give you, Like I I use a different I use a similar analogy, But like they can just give you all like here's all the GitHub files. And like you can do the stuff yourself. But there's something really different about when these engineers are building together, um where they get they get like it just like compounds a lot faster. And like when we bring when I bring in founders and companies build with them, It's just like so much faster and better than if I was just say here, here's all these stuff. Like go do it yourself and then come back when you're done. Like. 
00:23:12 Andy Santamaria
There's no there's no comparison.
00:23:14 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. Yeah. Um, yeah, So I've been working on just like this, go to market and I can share all this with you just to get like aligned on the plan. Um Anyway, that's This is all work in progress. Um Yeah.
00:23:30 Andy Santamaria
And and also later I mean at some point, um hopefully we get to do this, obviously, butum on on doing it. Okay, okay, we're doing it. On the automation on the automation side for this, I've done a lot of stuff there too. I could probably help you with that. It's not it's not quite engineering, But I've built some pretty pretty goodum automated stuff that helps, like basically like they call it GTM engineering. Um and I've done that for Fractal. So it's like really uh it's pretty great. It once you get it working, it's uh Like what?
00:24:04 Lauren Kassan
Can you be specific? What do you mean by that?
00:24:05 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, I'll give you super specific. So i i scanned, A bunch of companies in HubSpot. I found all the companies we've ever worked with, And I created a ranking list for the companies that are going to be part of our program, which I run this program. It's called Cycles, and I will invite you to it next month as well. And these companies get access to one of these engineers for up to eighty hours actually. And if they get picked, then they get basically yeah you you get one. And they'll go build something like and so all this stuff is completely automated. So every single batch of email is is created, it has a design template and I just approve everything. I'm just like cool, approve. And I have a tracker. It updates my own dashboard. It does like the whole thing, and I didn't spend time like I didn't I did zero copy pasting of anything. And i'm just like.
00:25:03 Andy Santamaria
Le tting this thing run. So like you, you can,
00:25:05 Lauren Kassan
Well, you can build that into stand where it's like doing their marketing for them. The kid businesses, let's use, stand, yeah,
00:25:11 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, we can definitely it's easy.
00:25:14 Lauren Kassan
Then you do it for like all their their their businesses. But yeah, like what are the WhatsApps groups, the moms groups, the people have been I get what yours that's great. Um awesome. Um okay, great. So I think we should move forward awesome,
00:25:28 Andy Santamaria
That's just right.
00:25:30 Lauren Kassan
Let's get started. Monday, you have basically everything you need. I there are things you're missing, which I saw like GitHub. Like I kind of need to spend a minute and I don't have time today just kind of learning how to do all that. Um, yeah, that's fine. That's fine. And then I do feel like an in person, day or two could probably be helpful midway through this Yeah So. I don't know if it's like end of next week or the following. I can come to New York, I just need to plan, you know, a couple of things. So maybe Monday we set some time to kick this off. You want to send through? I don't know if you I have a consulting agreement. Yeah,
00:26:12 Andy Santamaria
I have a contract that I can send you. It'sum, I mean, I can tell you right now it's pretty it's pretty straightforward. The only like the only gotchas obviously are likeum you'll you'll get an invoice for halfum and then half upon completion, the other half upon completion. Uh. David's my subcontractor, so I will probably manage most of the communication. Um, uh, And then uh like you own all the IP once once you finish the payment. And that then that's like yours and everything. Obviously. Um, pretty standard stuff. And then there is all the all the other stuff away you know. You can cancel anytime or whatever, and it's I can make changes to any of that stuff. Um okay, it's pretty yeah. It's pretty. It's pretty standard type stuff. I am sure you.
00:26:58 Andy Santamaria
I'm I'm probably sure you've done the exact same thing before, um but you know it's it's just the boring stuff, Uh and let's see what was it one other thing about this? Um oh, what I'm proposing is not. This is not in a contract. I can put it in there, but what I'm going to propose is uh I'm going to make a linear and David and I are going to work out of linear. It's like the engineers' um task manager. I don't know if you've or it's like Jira. It doesn't matter. It's a task.
00:27:28 Lauren Kassan
I don't these things. I text okay,
00:27:30 Andy Santamaria
It's fine. No, and purposely, Purposely. So like we will manage all the like the work, the work being done is going to da da da. What I will do for you is basically whatever you want. Like what I like if you want me to give you a video update, Record a loom video, if you want to like get on the phone every day and like show me what's done, like i i'm it's kind of up to you. Like whatever is good for youum. 
00:27:55 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I think we should just be doing. I noticed you did like two to three, like more product review, deeper dives weekly. And then the async thirty minute whatever. Maybe we just do this standing daily for thirty minutes and you know, then we do like, you know, maybe Monday just because it is a kind of quick sprint. Yeah. A Monday Wednesday Friday like instead of a quick twenty minute check in like an hour kind of product review session.
00:28:22 Andy Santamaria
For sure. Yeah. And and that that all sounds good. I'll make a note of that. And so basically like, um, You know, we'll start Monday, obviously like I I'll, just assume everything's like on the way and stuff. And, you can uh expect to reach me pretty promptly between, you know, your your workday is what I would say, Um so I will all I've done West Coast hours before a lot. Obviously, so i'm i'm going to recalibrate that. So yeah, like it won't be unreasonable for you to.
00:28:53 Andy Santamaria
To talk to me at eight p m here, um, if we need to and then and then you know uh, we'll probably stick with text for now just like unless we need to put, um unless we need to put David on for something. It's. It's probablyum and if we do for that, I would I would love if we could use WhatsApp. Um, Uh, yeah, okay. Also, you know, David is an engineer. He uses an Android, so he doesn't have iMessage and stuff, so yeah, Whatever.
00:29:21 Lauren Kassan
I would like to connect with him. So if it's like Monday, he joins for twenty minutes. Um, let's plan on that. And then yeah, I am going to fill in. I am talking to my Brian who's the lead investorum later today. So I'll let, you know if any questions come from that. Butum and That is it, I think Yeah,
00:29:45 Andy Santamaria
I am excited. I am really excited Um. 
00:29:47 Lauren Kassan
Oh what i was going to say is, I think I want to stick to the original stand branding for this test and just find some ways to like make it a bit more playful and like elevate it. But I think I don't feel like Devon's delivering, And I don't want to continue down that path with him. If I am not really he's taking, he's not prioritizing it. Okay, so.
00:30:14 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. To make sure I understand, So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take all the stuff that you've given me. I didn't get anything in Figma from you, but it sounds like I don't do I need anything from Figma? It sounds like I don't. I think you gave me you gave me the original stand palette colors. Yeah,
00:30:29 Lauren Kassan
With the palette, you have the logo. 
00:30:31 Andy Santamaria
And the font and the logo.
00:30:32 Lauren Kassan
And we should take some, you know, And and i i want to try and find a graphic designer next few days who can elevate this. Yeah that, That can use, but like using that as the base, So it's like maybe make fonts a little less juvenile and the color palette more. You know, but I think we could play with that with the tone. For sure. I think it's more about like the icons. And how do we make the badges feel cool? And like things like that in illustration. So I am going to call this girl, I know and see if she wants to just like bang it out for a few days next week. Um, and if not, we have enough to make it polished enough to work with.
00:31:09 Andy Santamaria
I'm sure, so I'm gonna go back and I'll rework, I'll rework like a similar design exploration. But basically, I'm gonna put the guardrails on it and be like, use the exact palette that we have, use the exact font, Use exact logo and then build on top of that and then see where we can go. I'm pretty sure I can get something that is serviceable. And then yeah, we'll we can still like I can still do re um recraft to get some some icons and everything. Like you you won't you won't have emojis or anything like that.
00:31:39 Lauren Kassan
Okay, cool. Um, and in the meantime, I'll see if a graphic designer can get on board just to help.
00:31:44 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, yeah. Anything all that stuff, like imagine think of them. And this is you know, it's terrible, but like think of that graphic designer, like anything that they create for you is like a very valuable prompt that I will use to feed to feed uh into this and make your your stuff even better. So. Uh, definitely don't tell them that. But like anything that they keep, like just take anything. If you like it, be like cool, give me five more of those. Like it you you can only benefit from from getting assets from them.
00:32:15 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, This is the agency I've been talking to, but I don't want to pay them yet. Um, but just so you get a sense they're like more consumer branding, but they do like I'm not sure that I'm going to go with them.
00:32:29 Andy Santamaria
But How much is this going to be expensive? How much is this?
00:32:32 Lauren Kassan
It will be. It will be. There's different versions of it. It's like thirty five k at a minimum. Minimum,
00:32:38 Andy Santamaria
Wow, wow.
00:32:39 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I don't know that I think we need that evenum okay,
00:32:44 Andy Santamaria
Do you know?
00:32:45 Lauren Kassan
And then this other one, let me show you this other one calledvault, this one's cute, and she's the one who I think she just randomly emailed me this morning, which is always good sign,
00:32:58 Andy Santamaria
Like yeah, show me show me I have one. Po tential suggestion that I could pull on this too. If if you if you come up short. Um, Do you know do you do you know the Collab Fund, the the venture firm?
00:33:13 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, why don't I know that?
00:33:14 Andy Santamaria
You probably should. Uh, they're they're probably going to invest in you at some point. You are going to be looking Collab Fund.
00:33:21 Lauren Kassan
But what's like I'll look them up.
00:33:22 Andy Santamaria
Oh, It's it's it's AI. Uh consumer They were like big focus on AI consumer startups, which is exactly what you are.
00:33:30 Lauren Kassan
So this girl did, just so you know, she did this magazine, which is like a kid's magazine called Kindling. That's really good. And she does a lot of really cute stuff. Like she does this, which I thought was super cute, like animation of like.
00:33:47 Andy Santamaria
Mhm. Is this your friend that you're going to hire?
00:33:50 Lauren Kassan
This is this girl that I've been chatting with.
00:33:52 Andy Santamaria
You should definitely do this. That's. Yeah. No, that she's the pro. Like that's really good.
00:33:58 Lauren Kassan
Alright, I am going to respond to her right now while we're on.
00:34:01 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, I would definitely if you can get her to do some work for you for a few days, like that would be that will be insane. Um because you'll you'll probably have everything you need.
00:34:12 Lauren Kassan
Um yeah, I think she just needs like clear deliverables. So I think like maybe you can help me come up with that, like what are we missing as it relates to like we need. Six emojis or icons. We need an animated thing X Y Z.
00:34:28 Andy Santamaria
I'll give you I'll give you a list like tonight. I have to run to this other call, But I'll give you a list of stuff, and you can just like give it to her. Okay,
00:34:35 Lauren Kassan
Shoot me that list, I'll talk to her over the weekend, and we could see if she could jump on it. Yeah,
00:34:38 Andy Santamaria
Okay, cool. So you'll you'll get an agreement from me and an invoice. And then yeah, we obviously we can go through it if you have questions and stuff,
00:34:46 Lauren Kassan
But like we'll pull Let's text over the weekend to find time on Monday, maybe mid uh I'm busy in the morning. My time some investor calls, but I can do anytime like. 3:00 p. m. onwards for you.
00:34:57 Andy Santamaria
Sounds great. Awesome, I'm excited. Have a have a great afternoon. I'll talk to you soon.
00:35:01 Lauren Kassan
Okay, thanks, Andy Bye- bye. 