00:00:54 Lauren Kassan
Good afternoon.
00:00:56 Andy Santamaria
How are you? Hey, how you doing? I'm good. How are you?
00:00:58 Lauren Kassan
I'm good. I'm settled in L A and not traveling anymore. Very happy to be back.
00:01:04 Andy Santamaria
Were you You were skiing?
00:01:05 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I mean, what am I complain about But yes, Skiing with kids, and then having flight cancellations is just annoying, but it's all good There's small problems No no no,
00:01:17 Andy Santamaria
I know what's wrong with Tahoe. 
00:01:19 Lauren Kassan
Oh, we weren't in Tahoe.
00:01:20 Andy Santamaria
I know it's a lot closer. I figured.
00:01:22 Lauren Kassan
Oh yeah, but it's not Aspen, I guess.
00:01:25 Andy Santamaria
It's not that's fair. That's listen, I wouldn't yeah i've i've i've done i've done Tahoe a lot uh.
00:01:31 Lauren Kassan
I've never been to Tahoe actually.
00:01:33 Andy Santamaria
It's, it's really pretty to be honest, like I and I've never been to Aspen in the summer. But like actually the summer in Tahoe is like way better. It's.
00:01:42 Lauren Kassan
Okay, maybe I'll do that this summer. I'm planning to be in L A most of the summer, so I'll do little trips.
00:01:47 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, it's really pretty and it's I just yeah, I'm sure everybody knows that now. But I feel like when I was growing up, we would go there a lot in the summer. And it was great.
00:01:56 Lauren Kassan
Yeah Cool Awesome Good Good Good Well how how was your weekend?
00:02:00 Andy Santamaria
Uh It was good.
00:02:01 Lauren Kassan
It was good Thursday We talked two days ago.
00:02:08 Andy Santamaria
Well, so I thanks for sending over a bunch of stuff. I did go through it today. I didn't think I was going to be able to, but I did. And so, yeah, I think basically what I heard It. 
00:02:21 Lauren Kassan
Was like a deep like dump You've done a lot.
00:02:25 Andy Santamaria
You've done a lot actually, like a lot more than I thought. 
00:02:29 Lauren Kassan
So... I know, and i'm frustrated because now i'm like wanting to just get something out there and execute. Yeah, And I do feel like I am at this crossroads to be frank with you around what I want this to be. And like how much of like a closed, More like curriculum or analog experience, will this be versus more of like that platform play? And I believe it will be a hybrid, But like I think I need to start super narrow, honestly to even figure that out. Right now it feels like. 
00:03:00 Lauren Kassan
I am just not convinced that we're bringing enough value, to like that just like that onboarding experience. It's like okay, Then what How are we actually teaching them And, what are the actual elements of learning through this experience And like, that's what interests me most. Like I read this this cut article about a thirteen year old CEO and who has like a face, like a skincare line here. And I was just like, I don't want to do that. You know, and I think like t here is that's great. But like that's I am not trying to, That's not my ultimate goal. My ultimate goal is to teach kids about building businesses and building real life skills through building businesses, Not to make them a bunch of like little capitalistic, you know, ten year old CEOs running around. And so, I am at this little bit of like an existential crossroads, if I am being honest with you and transparent with myself that I am sort of like I just want to test the right test a product to start to get live feedback, bring it to actual kids, get kids physically, there start to find a teacher slash.
00:03:55 Lauren Kassan
Build a curriculum out as a part of this. So, I am because I don't know yet fully know how to use the, you know GitHub and Claude. Yeah, I've taken it as far as I can take it now, and I am like getting frustrated.
00:04:10 Andy Santamaria
So okay, all right, that's great. Really great that you shared that with me. So a couple of i have a couple of things. One is that, uh yeah, i've done this a lot with founders. And like if you end up speaking with Noel, like. Did the exact same thing with her, so there's I kind of I I unfortunately I just.
00:04:27 Lauren Kassan
What's Noelle's business? Is it like venture backed? What's what's this scale? Just help me. Oh,
00:04:32 Andy Santamaria
It's it's pretty small. Like she got thousands of users, um but it's but it's she's got an angel round that she raised. It still she's still pretty small, Um okay, butum but she was early even earlier than you when we started talking and. I I use a bunch of analogies, uh just because I don't know why but I do. And like, I describe this sort of founder journey as like the journey to the oasis. And and you're like you kind of know what you're looking for. But like you're not sure if there's like a mirage. And, you're like, really, really just like we got to start is, and that's the kind of the thing that I keep telling uh all the founders. And you've got the right idea here where you're like okay, I know that I just need to get some something out there um to to learn because it will change. And. 
00:05:18 Andy Santamaria
Um, yeah. So, the yeah. Anyway, And the other thing is like I have a my friend has has three daughters. And they watch my dog a lot. And she's they are in the cohort range of of your stuff, and they even you know, one of them, like one of them is very the younger ones, very good at drawing. The youngest. One is like drawing, another one is like doing some vibe coding already, you know at thirteen. And like was asking me like how do we turn this into a thing. And so. They're they're like thinking about it already, and you know, it really in the like yeah, And um they live right next to, they live right next to the Dalton School up there. And. So it's just like t here is just like a testbed of like I hang out with those kids when they hang out with my dog or whatever. And I've just noticed that is, it's crazy. Like when these kids now when I was thirteen or whatever, like I didn't know anything about a business. I didn't know anything about this so. 
00:06:15 Lauren Kassan
That's why I am like the thirteen year olds are almost like too sophisticated for it. And I am trying to be like, okay, What's like is this really like do we start with the eight to eleven year olds But? Then by starting with them, you sort of make it uncool for the older kids, right? And so how do we grow? And that's where I gave the example of Legos. Like you can evolve and grow with your customer. It doesn't feel as a you know, older woman, older woman in my thirties as an older woman, um I'd like to do Legos if my kid just as much as he likes to do it and still feels fun and cool. So. I'm just going through a lot of like the existential like stuff that I don't I don't want to get more in my head about. I just want to start to create something that we can test.
00:06:52 Andy Santamaria
Right, And this is my so this this segues very nicely into like what what I was going to say, Like the final point, which is like all of this just changes, once you've got something that people are using it. Like your priorities just completely change because you've got a bunch of users. It just everything changes. Like you will it produces the clarity that uh, That you just you can't ignore in a in a way that is really, really productive for um especially founders like early stage founders where there's you know, you've got you're living in the vision and your world like in your brain, you've got the world that you know, you want to exist and nobody else knows it. But You're like, I know it. I'm gonna I'm gonna will it. I'm gonna compel it to be true type thing. And. So like that nothing clarifies that like getting it in your hands, which is what we're talking about, which is why we're talking at all.
00:07:42 Andy Santamaria
Um, so, yeah. So so I heard from the last time that we spoke, right? We talked about, like I gave you a version of like this is how it will work. And I kind of wanted to give you sort of like choose your own speed type thing, you know? And like this is up to you. And then the feedback that I got was all right. Like I want like, what can we do if we go all out in two weeks? Like what can we do? And that is a different version. And like I have that version, I have a proposal that I will definitely be able to send you today. I can walk you through parts of it, but like I have an answer, which is like what if what if Andy goes all out for two weeks? Like I clear my calendar. This is it. Like this is the only thing that I think about David we will still. 
00:08:31 Andy Santamaria
Do less of his stuff because I think we do like based on everything, all the notes that I went through, like this pilot can still be what what I would call Copa light. So we'll still do some stuff, but we won't do like the full thing. So i would cap his I would cap his stuff at like, you know, a flat five, six hours. You know, like I wouldn't do the ten. I wouldn't have him go deep into Copa. Like we would have a foundation for it and everything.
00:08:55 Lauren Kassan
Um yeah my whole thing with Copa is to make sure we're not building, Experience that we can't actually do or utilize because of that.
00:09:02 Andy Santamaria
Right, yeah, and I spent some time with David today going through that. And so like I think we're in a good position. So, I will show you. I'll just kind of walk you through those things. And. So basically the way that I would do this is like what what what is constraints that we have now is like we've got two weeks. We go all out for two weeks, what do we get? I'll show you a version of what we can get You can, Look at this, and you can say like I don't care about that. I want to change that. Whatever, whatever. And then I can tell you like is that still achievable in two weeks? I'll give you my my best understanding or best um answer uh and yeah. And then I think we can go from there. I also, I also went, i said i wouldn't do this, but i did it anyway. Cause you sent me enough stuff where i was like ah, let's just see. I did like a like two shot prompt on design system exploration uh and i.
00:09:57 Andy Santamaria
I am curious. I would like to get your thoughts on that. Um, because I am not kidding. All I did was I took, I took because I mean like I said, t here is no t here is no gatekeeping or secrets or whatever. Like yeah, I am using Claude just like you. Yeah, I am using it got the hub by the way. Okay, good got all that That's good. I am using it in the terminal, which is a little bit more powerful. And then um yeah. And then uh i said. I have all the call notes, like from you said things specifically, like you and I took out. You said websites, you said stuff about websites and all that stuff. So I was like reference to call notes. Um and then I said, uh, i i gave a screenshot of the moonrise kingdom, because yeah, i know you said wes anderson, and you said bandages and stuff like that. And I was like just this is a reference point. And I was like give me four give me four exploration designs, and okay. 
00:10:49 Andy Santamaria
I got four. I did nothing. I didn't touch those four, and then I said, um, look at the proposal that I've got, And then give me some elements of of the of what what our deliverables would be using that, that design system. That exploration. I did that all in one, so that's technically still one. And, then the second thing that I did, which is very high fidelity is uh there's a service called Recraft. There's a bunch of these services. Service called Recraft, Where it is still like a, it's like your app honestly, where it's like you prompt it and it will create visuals like anything. So you you have to be very specific with it. And I and I was and I said, look, no emojis. We're not using any emojis. I want I want high quality illustrations hand that kids. 
00:11:40 Lauren Kassan
Don't like emojis.
00:11:41 Andy Santamaria
Would they do or they don't?
00:11:42 Lauren Kassan
They don't. Okay.
00:11:44 Andy Santamaria
All right, Yeah, I don't like them either. And to me, that's like the first like whenever I see an emoji, it's like the first sign that like t here is some AI slop. You know, like whatever. So I was like, don't do emojis. Like I want icons. I want hand illustrated and I want you to follow a style. And then so I did that. It's a service that you could use it for free for like a little bit. So I didn't do it called Recraft Recraft T here is a bunch T here is like a ton of services this serve Like. If if we do this, if we end up working on this together that it. You should you should pay for ten dollars a month or something. It's it's not a lot. Um, and so with those two like, I got some decent icons. So this thing so I can show you this thing later and stuff. Butum, Well,
00:12:22 Lauren Kassan
You just like got me all excited because you gotta show it to me.
00:12:25 Andy Santamaria
Well, I can I guess I could show you that first before I show you the i'll show you before the proposal. All right fine. Okay okay okayum sorry, I know, i did a whole thing. Uh, okay. Can you see all of this? Now I can, yeah. Okay, so I got t here is four different things right here. So we've got this one and ignore the names, but we'll go through all four of these. Um, This is the one where I spent the the free money on Recraft right. And so. This is, you know, has its own it like updated your your color palette. It's a lot less like, yeah. It's. You can see what we're kind of going for um elegant, but sort of has like that.
00:13:08 Lauren Kassan
Gritty. And just so I understand, like this is the input in which you then build off of?
00:13:13 Andy Santamaria
Uh, So this is this was this was basically I gave Claude code a big prompt, and I said, I said, I said exactly what I said. I said," I've got notes from calls that I've had with Lauren. I've got website links that she specifically." Commented on, and she said something specific about what she liked about those. That's why you could you could tell me, you could hear. I'm sorry if you remember when I asked you, I was like be specific about what you like. I was using you to to build the prompt basically. Um and uh and then I said, give me oh look at the proposal because the proposal has specific things that we're building, And I said, give me four versions of that uh and you can tell like, look, it said something, it said.
00:13:58 Andy Santamaria
Arcade gaming with soul, like these are your words. I've just used your stuff to make.
00:14:02 Lauren Kassan
And this is like the design. This isn't like this is what the I'm seeing this as like almost like a brand guideline, essentially.
00:14:10 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, exactly. It's it's here, I'll show you. It's exactly like it's it's the you'll you'll see so it's a system, its components, Its onboarding, to to be clear, this is just the start. There's a lot a lot more onboarding, a brand like here. I'm just going to go through. So like these are when to use text. This is. This is uh like what that card looks like. Here's a component library. So this is what the buttons look like. Oh, I've got stamps because you know it's like boy scout stuff. Here are the cards. There will be cart here's what a form field looks like. This is where I was like pretty pumped about this, uh no no emojis. I like prompted Recraft based on everything that you told me and I said, give me these illustrations. So that like these look different, they look much, nicer now.
00:14:54 Andy Santamaria
Um, and this is these so again, this is two shots. Like I spent I spent probably I mean, I shouldn't tell you how much time I spent on it, but like I spent like forty five minutes to be honest. Probably um two prompts right? And like this doesn't look like a vibe coded thing yet. Um or it doesn't look vibe coded. It looks pretty good. Um uh Yeah, and then this is yeah, this is like the parent gate thing. This this is part of all this stuff is part of the proposal. Um, This is what your dashboard will look like if I gave you an admin login. Um, yeah, I mean it. And, my I guess my point, the point of this is and yeah, we'll have all the stuff. The point of this is to be like if I am going to go all out on this I could get.
00:15:48 Andy Santamaria
If, if, especially if you are like, if you are available on the design system, stuff like I can I can show you iterations of this in over like a real time. Um, what I am proposing in the proposal is like. If we can move and and knowing again, this is never finished. Like we know that it's never finished. We have to time box everything. If we've got two weeks, like probably in a day or two. I could get this like this is at, you know, whatever this was at seventy percent in forty five minutes. Like, the last ten percent is going to be very painful because it's like tweak, tweak, tweak like tiny, tiny tweaks to get it to be like amazing. Um yeah, we could get I am sure basically in a day or two. I bet I could have an incredible, incredible like thing that you are happy with from a design system where you are like, okay, this I feel proud to show this to like people, right? And then of course, I tell this when am when coding it.
00:16:46 Andy Santamaria
You know, it references the design system. So anything we change is going to be super, super fast. If you are like, cool new feature, It already knows how to style it, because I have this whole system that we've used. Um and so you can see this one looks different. Um This is like, and it has like a little like, you know, this one has like a little hover over thing. And the other one didn't because it's it's different. Um yeah. And then this one is um this one's based on the that that. That website that you said that was like the Apple one, yeah. You know, as you can see, like whatever whatever uh I've got. Let's see what do I have in here? It's pretty it's pretty minimal as you can see.
00:17:28 Lauren Kassan
Um so you use this and then code it into an actual like experience. Like, this is this is basically all like the assets that you'll utilize to like. Create the onboarding experience.
00:17:40 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, exactly, exactly. So you can see, right? So this is the palette. It tells us like this is thetypography. So like when we use something on a card, this little thing goes here and it's green and it looks like that. Then for a headline, it looks like this. The subtext looks like that. And, then you know, oh if we're making sales like this is what the numbers look like. And and the gaming one has levels because that I remember, there was some reference in that in one of your one of your interviews about like leveling up. Yeah. As you can see, this like looks different. There's a progress bar that looks very different. Um, there's more, this is like green, like neon hovering type stuff. Um, As you can see, also still emojis because I didn't pay for the Recraft thing yet. And so this that it kind of breaks the dream a little bit. Like once you get to the emojis, You're like, oh, this looks like kind of web coded. Uh, but you can get rid of that. Obviouslyum yeah.
00:18:33 Lauren Kassan
And then and like the ultimate experience will be those elements of. Like I put the scope in the dock of just like what do I want to get out of this? Of like web pages we can like test, right? Like landing. Yeah. And the actual taking kids through the experience with the actual plumbing, like that they can create, like what's the right, you know, I don't think we ever got the right AI integration on the logo, for example. And like then. So all those pieces. Yeah,
00:19:02 Andy Santamaria
I have and I have all of that sort of built into the proposal too. Like I've talked with David about like what we would use to build those things, and I have a pretty good idea of how we would attack that, and it'll still feel interesting. The thing, Yeah anyway, so yeah, and this is what their brand card looks like and sort of. But yeah. So there's still a lot of other design elements that go into a complete system design. Uh, but my point is like, I did this in forty five minutes with what I had. If I work at this really hard for a full day, I bet I can. I bet like you and I can come up with something where we're like, okay, this looks good. We'll we'll cut. We will stop doing design and then just go build the app, and then i'll go build the app. I'll and then it will look like this. And then that's where you know that's where we get like the real sort of, i guess, the highest fidelity or highest signal.
00:20:01 Andy Santamaria
Is, you know, then you can kind of forget about the design. Um, and then, you know, but then we're talking about functionality and stuff. And, the beauty of this, too is like these systems are built into the code base. Um, you know it's all files in a folder right? But, so it'll be in a file in a folder that I can reference at any point in time. So, if you like, give this on week one or week two or whatever to your kids or your friends' kids. And they're like I don't know. Man, it's not resonating like I could just swap it out immediately with. We could just like cool. This app now is a arcade app, and it was it was this, like, you know, Wes Anderson one. And like it's very easy to to change those. Um you know, we don't want to do that all the time because it will, it will definitely increase the chances that stuff will break. But in the early stages, it's it's very, very doable. Um yeah.
00:20:52 Lauren Kassan
So uh I'll pause. 
00:20:57 Lauren Kassan
I'm taking all of it. And I'm I'm trying to. Understand, I think what I am just such a visual person, so seeing that visually is really helpful. And then i in my head, that's where that's what like the end experience is going to look like. But I know that's not actually what the end experience is going to look like. So I am trying to like yeah sort of understand where you know, if I think about what I have so far is that bit like you, you have the link right where it takes you through this onboarding experience. And like.
00:21:31 Lauren Kassan
Unlocks your stand storefront, right? And we talked about like making it visual and interactive. Like this, that's why I was asking. Like this is like kind of like the assets, like a brand guidelines to ultimately get to a more interactive, like true experience. So I just want to make sure I'm not because you're right.
00:21:48 Andy Santamaria
You're right exactly. So so basically, all I showed you is sort of like I just gave you like a bunch of different Lego sets. Mhm Those are just the Lego sets and like each it's lit. This is a good analogy, I think maybe, Like they all those Lego sets can assemble, stuff, you know within reason about what they do. Just like any, you know if you get the the Star Wars Lego set versus the zoo one, It's just like if I wanted to make a zoo out of the Star Wars one, it's going to be hard. It's just like not going to work. But you've got those Lego sets and so, the things that we assemble is is in the proposal which is this. So, this is where you're going to have to use your imagination a little bit.
00:22:30 Andy Santamaria
Um. So what are we building? We're building a production quality app for kids, so they can open like they can open this within minutes. It feels like they have a real business. It's branded, ready to share, right? All the stuff that you know, uh, it's it like teaches the kids something. The parents look at this and they're like oh this is real. Like also, this looks like something I would pay for, because it doesn't look like, you know, it looks safe and and awesome and all the right things. So then. What exactly are the deliverables? It's it's five, five things are the main components for this. And so this, this onboarding coaching thing, all of that. That's, that's the what I would call the kids like journey to build the business, right? That's their that that that's one.
00:23:14 Lauren Kassan
We're seeing that as a two way conversation versus what it currently is set up right now. It's more of like a prompted onboarding experience.
00:23:22 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, This is me This is me Andy doing the product stuff like I. Think a more we could change it. Like we could talk through it, we could do versions of it, but this is a pretty specific product product question or product decision. Which is I think having kids feel like they're filling out a form is is bad. I hate filling out forms. You probably hated the one that I gave you. Like filling out a form sucks. Like I don't want to do that. What i What I really want to do is just like, I want to be guided through it, and i want to i don't want to have to like, yeah, i just want to be. 
00:23:55 Andy Santamaria
I want to be in the in the moment, and I don't want to have to be like, oh, I'm typing this thing or I did it like. And so I want to create an experience where we can let kids be in the moment. And and then on the right side it's building right away. Like anytime they do something they're going to get to engage with it. So uh from the colors of brand like I, can we can actually start building that immediately? So then they'll get feedback and they'll get excited. They can engage with it and and change um like that. That is the big thing that I want to change. About what we're what you've got today.
00:24:27 Lauren Kassan
I love that. I think that, I get I really like that for like the branding, like the you know merchandising my storefront, like all the creativity creative elements. I get concerned with it from like a safety guardrails, Like what if they say something insane to do? Yeah. And like want it to be open ended as it relates to the type of business. Like ideally they're like, Here is what I am doing. Like we help them figure out what they're doing, and then when it's about the creativity, that's where it could be much more two way or interactive or conversational. It's more you know imaginative slash visual versus a conversation around my business idea. And,
00:25:07 Andy Santamaria
The beauty of this is we can do. We can think of it sort of like a throttle. Like we can do both at any point in time. We can shift to like be more open ended to more constrained so, At any point in time, I can present like we can present buttons that that say, like this is what you have. Like let's let's still make it engaging, but like by the way, these are the options. Like just full full like these are the four types of business today. If you have something else, We'll record it, and you will get that product learning for later. So that maybe one day you've got that where if like everybody's asking I'm making this up, but like if everybody's asking to do like a services business instead of um an e commerce business with a physical goods, like.
00:25:48 Andy Santamaria
Cool. We don't really have that exactly today, But like let's keep that in the background and then like figure that out something like that. So, there is definitely a graceful way to to like run that UI and run that UX. Um yeah so, That makes sense. Uh, then there is this is a like a thing which is the big reveal the brand like that's, That's pretty well spec'd in in a lot of what you've talked about and stuff. Um There is this parent gate Pilot survey type stuff that that you wanted. And like the Copa light type thing like that is a deliverable. Um, we can you know we can do whatever you want there, but I I think I kind of get what you want. That's pretty standard. There is this which I think I maybe made up, but I sort of heard it from you at some point, But like the kind, yeah, yeah, okay. Like basically it's like the kids dashboard where it's like cool.
00:26:45 Andy Santamaria
Like, what do I how do I keep coming back to this? What's the reason for me to keep coming back to this? And there is lots of like fun, interesting, engaging ways to do this. Um. I so yeah,
00:26:55 Lauren Kassan
I think it's also their payments. Like ideally, this is again not for this test, but like ultimately, it should be functional exactly,
00:27:02 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. Andum I just side note for this a longer story, but I built a reading reading app for kids in Ghana that unfortunately didn't shipum but I. Do have a lot of experience on this, um, In sort of like how to how to make kids want to read as an example, like whatever. And like having them come back to something like this is something that I think about a lot. Um, I think this dashboard is is really pretty critical for your for you the business. Like to make them.
00:27:32 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, the biggest question mark with current investor or withum like investor conversations was like. I could see them doing this once, but like how are you going to keep them coming back?
00:27:41 Andy Santamaria
Exactly. So that that's this is the answer to that. We don't we don't have that yet, but this is the foundation, one of the foundations.
00:27:47 Lauren Kassan
Curriculum piece of this is going to be really important. So like ideally I think that there's this version of like me sending this out to fifty people. I know, Fifty people I don't know they're doing that hundred person test alongside getting together a physical group of kids. And taking them through like more of a physical. Version of this that I am actually like building a curriculum around and then plugging that into this, where that's much more scalable. But yeah, I think the like what are you actually learning? Like about margins, about business. Like we're getting customer feedback, like pivoting, launching a new skew. Like how to think about what your marketing SMS message should be. Like all of that, like coming up with the modules of business.
00:28:31 Lauren Kassan
I think in the dashboard will be an important piece of retention and ultimately like actually have it learn.
00:28:36 Andy Santamaria
Absolutely, for sure. Um, yeah, and then the last piece is just I you wanted a dashboard for you. Obviously, you're going to need one that's table stakes that that's it like we'll just build thatum and that is I showed you that in the visual design like that at the bottom like that dashboard in the patina. One that, that was yours like it'll look like that or it'll look like whatever you want it to look like, obviously. Butum so those are the. Those are like the five things that you would get. It's a lot, which is why it takes like a lot of time. Yeah, And then I kind of these are the six moments that I would call it in terms of like the onboarding for the kids. This is where I was describing, like we can throttle the open endedness to like you only get one or two choices or whatever. The choice is like we can do that any way we want in this version. So that just kind of outlines those.
00:29:29 Andy Santamaria
Um, that's probably about as much that I would like walk you through. I obviously will send you this today because there is a lot in here, But like I do want to sort of show you like this is what you'll get, like this is what you will get in two weeks. Um, And this is what it takes to go all out. And uh and then I wanted to kind of give you like a little taste of the like the visual side of things. And how how I would approach that. Like I I didn't get time to add another service on there. But there's, yeah, I am quite confident that you can have something. I guess if I am going to the bottom here, Like I am pretty confident that in two weeks, you are going to get something with soul that you are going to be proud of to share with people, families. That is a real thing that tracks most of the stuff you want so that you can figure out what that next phase is.
00:30:26 Andy Santamaria
Cause, you know, I did some like even just in this call, we've talked about stuff that's like after the sprint. I made a list of stuff to do after the sprint. Like there's it's it's not it's endless. You know what I mean? Like, I tried to cut it out as as much as possible. Um but there is a ton of stuff to do.
00:30:44 Andy Santamaria
Totally So yeah. 
00:30:46 Lauren Kassan
Yeah Okay great. 
00:30:48 Andy Santamaria
I'm trying to think if there was there was maybe one other thing I wanted to highlight in here, but Ohum. It's probably worth just like, um, I don't have the exact numbers of this. And I did a David and I did a very, very short version of this. Um, but yeah, There's there's some stuff that like services that we'll use that you know, just you'll you'll keep in mind, right? Like that you just you'll have to set these like we'll have to sit to you and be. 
00:31:16 Lauren Kassan
Like how with like ten, like tens of thousands of users?
00:31:20 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, that's I was hoping you wouldn't ask that question. But I knew you would. Um, Uh, I it's almost it's very very hard to to tell you that answer. I can give you a a band. I can start giving you bands, and this is where this is where it gets into like. I mean, this is where yeah, yeah. Put this way, This is not the answer that you want.
00:31:52 Andy Santamaria
Uh, when you get to tens of thousands of users and stuff, You're going to have money to have a full- time person that works on the infrastructure for your company. And their whole job is to bring these costs down. Um, I don't know if that's helpful or not. But yeah.
00:32:10 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I just kind of have a sense of what it actually costs. Like, you know, is it.
00:32:16 Lauren Kassan
Thousand a month, eight hundred. You know,
00:32:18 Andy Santamaria
I don't know. It could be it could be a lot of money. If you're if you don't have a systems engineer like working on the infra like an infra. If you don't have an infra person working on it full time, These all these services are businesses and they're designed to extract value from their customer. So, if you're sloppy about how you run your rate limits and things like that, They they would love that, and they will charge you for it out of usage. So like, you need a person that you trust on the inside, That's like cool. I want to do it this way and this way, and so I avoid. In fact, I am going to do that on your like on your initial setup with with the way we make anthropic API calls. Um, Because i've done that for my work with the accelerator um a bunch. So like use, basically you tell it, like use this model for this task, use this model for this task, et cetera. And like those cost differently. And if you know what you are doing, you can.
00:33:12 Andy Santamaria
Save a lot of money. So, um,
00:33:14 Lauren Kassan
The goal isn't to try and be all these things, right? Like it's not to try and be a text to speech. Like we don't need all that infrastructure. Those things exist. We're just sort of I guess like my biggest question is like what what sort of uniquely stand owned? Like, what's our unique kind of tech experience? Or are we just building a platform on other platforms? And we're like the sandbox for it?
00:33:34 Andy Santamaria
I'll tell you what I think based on what I've heard. Um so your. 
00:33:42 Andy Santamaria
I think your IP could be like the I don't know when you when you get acquired for billions of dollars by whatever Google and stuff um the assets that they're going to pay for is probably going to be on. Well, it's probably going to be what what you know. Well, it's going to be an audience. It's going to be acquisition. It's gonna be it's gonna be users, And it's going to be like a coveted group of smart data data around smart kids that are entrepreneurs that are going to be entrepreneurs. Like that's what they're gonna buy. Um, they're not gonna buy your software. Um, you know what I mean? Like they're they're gonna throw all that away, probably because they'll be um unless you.
00:34:38 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, they'll probably throw it away. They're not going to hire, you know, They're not going to buy the uh, yeah, yeah I mean, that's what it is. It's going to be a user base with with unique knowledge of a of a specific group of people that is highly desirable. That's, that's what they're gonna ideally.
00:34:57 Lauren Kassan
We're making an like we're building a unique experience for these kids that. Others don't yet have so like a green light or like step was just bought by Mister Beast. And that could be a great integration, which is like a credit card right on the back end of Stan. So you get your stand x step credit card that's like a nice funnel into like step user ultimately. And so that is like the acquisition channel. But ideally, we're building like a. It's like creative and special and magical enough that there is value in like that, whether it's the onboarding experience, the content, like the curriculum. I don't think it can just be like a wrapper to be really valuable.
00:35:40 Andy Santamaria
I agree. I agree. The because the wrapper is just that everybody is going to do that as standard. Like the stuff that's unique is going to be, The stuff that's unique is like your user base and probably the combination of your your. Your UX, right? Like, Cause cause what you're what you're set, what like, what people like, what Google is gonna buy you for or whatever is gonna be like. I've got the earliest on ramp for for generational wealth like than any other company, because I've got a group of people that are that are learning how to be all of the next entrepreneurs of the of the next generation. Like nobody has that but me. Um That you'll get you'll get bought for that.
00:36:24 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay, interesting. Anyway,
00:36:29 Andy Santamaria
This is nothing. Yeah, Nothing nothing crazy here is my point is just like there's some other stuff in here. I I would expect this to go. You know, with a thousand users. I don't know, it'd still be it'll still be nominal. Um if you wanted to do where you're going to get costs like if you make. If you wanted to do, I'll give you an example. Like if you are like cool, this is going so well. I am going to launch curriculum, and we're going to do like making interactive rendering of, you know, video stuff. Um, It's gonna be expensive because that that those storage and storage and caching and displaying video is expensive at scale. It just will be so um that that's an example. Um if you were like, hey, I want to do something where. 
00:37:17 Andy Santamaria
You know, I want to call everything I can on Gemini to build something real time as fast as I can. Like, yeah, it'll get expensive, butum, I think you've got a long way to go before that.
00:37:30 Lauren Kassan
Yeah. Okay. This guy I know was showing me what he was just playing around on like Lovable, I think building a like infomercial for your business ideas. So he started that company called Camp which is like that kids experiential place. And he was showing me, like, you could like prompt a business. I want to do like a, you know, X whatever. Like I want it to have a razor that you can have different color, whatever. Like some crazy idea and then it puts spits out like a, you know really like high quality commercial for your business. I was like that would be so fun to incorporate here. You could do that yeah. 
00:38:11 Lauren Kassan
Just like yeah, how how far can we take it Would be my question.
00:38:15 Andy Santamaria
Can absolutely do that. Um and it's not that expensive. Um but yeah, there's I've I've used services like that too. There's railway andum uh what's the other one Remotion? Um, these are these are like basically services that help you productionize rendering of of stuff, like like an M P four, which is what which is what that video, you know, a video is, um, And uh, yeah, there's a there's a ton of services. By the way, these are all wrappers. Like which is fine. They're they're they're venture backed businesses that are wrappers that are using the model. You know, they're using LLMs from OpenAI and Anthropic. It's it's okay to be a wrapper. Um you you're obviously I know yours is slightly different. I think yours is probably um yeah, if you've got if you've got a user base of like the brightest kids.
00:39:07 Andy Santamaria
That are going to become entrepreneurs, like that's just like that's that's a money pot for sure.
00:39:12 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, yeah, and I think the key question is is like is this experiential? Is it more like Girl Scouts? Or is this more of like a platform play Shopify for kids? And that's much more VC backable business right? I believe it's a hybrid but I kind of think I need to start with the former. To build the platform and go there, and just from because of my background and my experience, I am much more comfortable in that world. I am much more comfortable figuring out how to put, you know, a stand, you know, farmer's market style really great event on where you get all of our stand CEOs, and they invite their families. And and you know it's like for the first whatever like that. You know thinking about like the curriculum, like that's the world, like more of the analog experiential. I think is less.
00:40:00 Lauren Kassan
Scalable, But I think it like will lead to a more authentic and like stickier business. And that's what I am trying to figure out too is like how guided, how curriculum based versus how much of like just like platform tools. Yeah,
00:40:17 Andy Santamaria
And you can leverage that you know that expertise in the beginning for sure. Um and you'll learn and then and then honestly, that might actually inform what you do. Um because if you've got this thing, you can do these, Like I mentioned this in the first version of what we were talking about, but like yeah, The live stuff is there's like when I was doing this app with the reading app is like there was nothing that comes close to like what PostHog does versus like you sitting and watching somebody use the thing. Like there's nothing like it. The insights that you'll gain sort of the learnings that you get from that are just they're like a hundred times more valuable than just like a dashboard from PostHog. So doing that as much as possible.
00:40:59 Andy Santamaria
Um, is is really key. Mhm.
00:41:02 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. I am wondering if there needs to be more of like the learning curriculum testing in this at all.
00:41:13 Andy Santamaria
Not for the first two weeks, my recommendation: I would just get this out and then add it immediately afterward, you know, And like kind of uh basically get get capture a hundred captive people that are like. This delivered on the promise, and and then you can say," Cool." By the way, I've I can promise you something else in two more weeks or three more weeks. What do you think? And then you know you are going to keep going and keep going. But like that first.
00:41:41 Lauren Kassan
And this could be for free. It should be like, yeah,
00:41:44 Andy Santamaria
Oh, yeah, yeah, for the first two weeks for sure. Um but we'll capture capture that data. And then like, You'll it'll it'll be really obviousum when uh, I don't know for sure, to be honest, but it should be much more obvious after a hundred people are using this, Like whether or not they're going to pay for it and and whether they would pay for that. And I think again you you probably know this better than I do, but like kids are incredible influencers if they if they want to be. You know if it's genuine. And. So like that, that to me is going to be the signal where it's like.
00:42:23 Andy Santamaria
This is the thing that I really want, And this is like making my, you know, it's making my day brighter every, you know every other time I use it. Like, then you've got signals that like okay, they're going to pay for this because. I want that like I want that dopamine as the parent. Mhm. Yep. Okay. Okay,
00:42:42 Lauren Kassan
Mhm, I'm just this is how I process sorry It's fine,
00:42:48 Andy Santamaria
It's fine And like i said, i know i just i just rattle off a lot a lot at you. Soum. I I feel like that, that would be that is fine. And you can take I take a look at the proposal, but I definitely did listen to some of the stuff that you said where you're like, what exactly is going to happen, like on what day like I put all that in there. So it's just like this is what happens on this day. This is what this is what happens on this day. Um right?
00:43:09 Lauren Kassan
You put together a lot. Thank you so much for doing all.
00:43:12 Andy Santamaria
Yeah. Yeahum and I. I think if there's anything else, no, I think that's pretty much it. Um.
00:43:22 Andy Santamaria
Again, I think the I I mean.
00:43:24 Lauren Kassan
The reading app you were referring to. Do you want can you show it to me or no? It's not allowed. The reading app you were referring to, I am curious.
00:43:31 Andy Santamaria
It never got it never got liveum and honestly, like I could build a way because this was two years ago. Uh, hmm I could build that a lot faster. I could build a lot fasterum yeah, but it was very focused on like the gamify of stuff. And the the bummer is that i was i was more.
00:43:52 Andy Santamaria
I was not. Unfortunately, I was not involved on the product decisions. So like I didn't get to, I got to be parts of the stuff, but i i was really like, I was really like a hired hired gun. Like, you've hired me to do this thing, and that I would try to. I tried to advise on stuff, but like I didn't have a lot of influence on that. Um uh But yeah, I could build. I could build that again. I could build that in this weekend for sure based on on this, but it's. It was very it was very focused on like leaderboards, gamifying type stuff like that. There was also a heavy in person element to it that I that is like, You know there's like a van that drove around as like a library van. And and like, Also had real books, in addition to like, you know, the android, that, that kids would read on, you know, in person and stuff like that. So, I think, That that was one of the things that like I didn't believe but I believe it after seeing it where it's yeah.
00:44:49 Andy Santamaria
You can have that tech and stuff, But there is something about being in person and like having kids react to it with each other. And like there is something, yeah, obviously there is just like something better.
00:45:01 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. Okay. Um, yeah. Okay cool. Okay, so you are going to send me over I now, sent you everything you need, right?
00:45:09 Andy Santamaria
Yeah I am basically done with, like the stuff that I can do to, Show You stuff basically so you. You've got everything for me. Um, basically, the the yeah, The only other thing I I will repeat that I said in the first part, like, my goal would be to set you up so that like. Yeah, so that you've you're done. You're done like imagining the world in your brain and you're like you've now shifted into like, okay. I've got real users and I've got to act on that. And like that's the thing. And like.
00:45:47 Andy Santamaria
Set it up with a foundation that, you know, if you are like cool, this is great. Andy, like I am done after two weeks. Great and like you can still go get anybody that's like reasonable and I am happy to refer you to like any if you are like I want um ten more engineers. Like I am happy to refer you whatever. Um or if you are like cool, this is good. Like, we can keep going. We can like decide a different cadence. Um I am happy to I am happy to explore that. Like I think what I want to do is get you in a place where you've got. Yeah, you got this foundation and you've got everything. And then, and then you the next time you engage anyone to build something, you are not starting over. Is that is the goal? Like t here is, you won't be doing that.
00:46:28 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. Yep. Okay, that's that's great. I think let me we'll send me the proposal Yeah. 
00:46:35 Andy Santamaria
I'll send I'll see the proposal I mean. And then you, you just let me know the the I don't know how soon you want to do stuff. Butum. I mean,
00:46:42 Lauren Kassan
I'd want like, I don't know what the cost you're putting in there, but like ideally I'd want to start immediately.
00:46:47 Andy Santamaria
And I'm also meeting with my investor, my main investor tomorrow. If I think it'd be helpful if you can send me, If you don't mind sending me your and David's bios just so I could like fill him in on current plan and like what I'm thinking here. Yeah. That'd be helpful. Yeah. This, so i i mean, i can tell you, but you'll see it when i finish sending. It's this will be ten ten k, and this is eight. It'll be eight of my time. Uh, A K and then two two for David. Um, We I mean we're gonna like it's it's, it's it's twenty five percent cheaper than what I would like if I was giving this to just like anybody. Um, it's definitely it's definitely at like. I know I like I know that i've because i've done this before i built enough of these um you are going to get more than forty hours of my time, even though that is what i am putting it at.
00:47:40 Lauren Kassan
York and we do it in person a day or two and just like, bring it out.
00:47:43 Andy Santamaria
I mean, happy to yeah like happy to do that. Like basically, what what it is is like the what I will do is I'm gonna. Like what you're paying for is Andy's gonna clear his calendar, so that like he answers the call or text, and like he's showing in like if you're going to be as responsive like for two weeks, uh and I know that it'll be more than 40 hours. Like I just I know that is the case. Um, But like I, I want to hit, like I want to hit something that exceeds the like. I don't know if if you are thinking, like what I just showed you in the deliverables, if that felt like underwhelming. But I am hoping that that's going to be like exceeding expectations um in in a way. That's like, okay, yeah, like we can do this uh and and that was kind of the point of like why i'll i'll send you the bios and stuff after this, of course.
00:48:32 Andy Santamaria
Um, but that was my point of just to show you like the design, like that design system. I did that in forty five minutes. I told you exactly what I did. Imagine if I imagine if am going one hundred percent at this for two weeks, like I am pretty confident that we're going to have something, that you are very impressed to like share with people and proud of.
00:48:51 Lauren Kassan
Mhm. No, I mean what you put even just like from the first time we connected, like your presentation and professionalism has been very clear and like your, Background, I think, especially coupled with David's to just kind of ensure we're setting up on the right AI systems is very interesting. I don't know if you want us to all connect at some point or if you just want to. Oh yeah,
00:49:12 Andy Santamaria
Anytime. I mean, I can manage it's up to you. Like you're the driver. So if you wanna, you wanna chat with David, I talk to him all the time every day because we work, I'm working with him on the accelerator stuff. He's more if you just want like, I can introduce you guys whatever you whatever you'd like.
00:49:26 Lauren Kassan
And I think it could be interesting for me to even just come for like a full day.
00:49:30 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, if you want to come. So I have like we work out of an accelerator that I told you like with this AI engineering accelerator. Um, it would be great if you want to come and work out of there. Like I will we will I will rent a private. We have like a private room that we rent out and stuff like we can just book that whole room when phone booths, and it has phone booths and all the stuff or whatever like. It's a it's its own space. Um, yeah, you're you're welcome to come there anytime.
00:50:01 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, I'm I'm just wondering like if if it would be fun. I think it would be a fun, but b, like, you know, very collaborative to like live for sure, do some of these as they keep coming. You know,
00:50:12 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it'll definitely it'll definitely speed things up. Um sorry one second hereum and if you want like, if you i mean, yeah. If you want me to go to L A, I can go to L A, but that increases the the price. Totally. Yeah. So I am basically I am like you are the driver, so I am happy to do either one.
00:50:34 Lauren Kassan
No, I could come to New York. I thinkum okay let me send me the proposal. I think this all sounds great. I think ideally we'd start Monday. Yeah okay, just start drive for two weeks. That means like end of, you know that week of March, we'd have a shippable product in the meantime. You know, I'll get ready with like my users. And like the you know marketing sort of language, I'll use all that. Like, I want to use this as a thing. If you do this, like you know kind of like a waitlist moment too. Like. And if they do this, maybe it's fifty of them get complimentary stand, you know for their first year or whatever that looks like. Um so just like what are some of those tactics we could deploy? Sure. Have somebody who's helping me on marketing language um. 
00:51:20 Lauren Kassan
Her name's Sabina. Let me just show you some stuff quickly. Yeah, like she put together. I think I put the personas. Did you see the personas we were working on?
00:51:28 Andy Santamaria
I did see some of those. Yeah,
00:51:30 Lauren Kassan
Yeah, so we worked on that a little bit together. I think it needs some more work. Um, But like she obviously did this on, you know, she was just coming. I was like we need language for the landing page. I actually don't love some of this language, but. She started to play with this, you know, like again, not the ignore the colors and everything. Yeah, I got it. Yeah, cool. Um. But I really want to sort of I want this to feel wholesome, but also real and I think I am trying to like find that balance from a language standpoint like I don't want it like I read this article in the cut yesterday. I'll send it to you, and it just was like gave me theick. 
00:52:16 Andy Santamaria
Definitely send it to me because i, yes, i want to know.
00:52:20 Lauren Kassan
Here I am going to put. Yeah, so here this is these were some articles I am currently.
00:52:43 Lauren Kassan
I don't know if you I don't subscribe to the cut. So tell me if you can't see it.
00:52:46 Andy Santamaria
I do I don't subscribe to the cut, but let me just take a peek. Um.
00:52:51 Lauren Kassan
Should you should get like a one time like view.
00:52:54 Andy Santamaria
Okay uh yeah I think I can read this. Yeah I can read this wow.
00:53:00 Lauren Kassan
It's not it's like what I don't want this to be honestly.
00:53:04 Lauren Kassan
And Then what's this other one?
00:53:11 Lauren Kassan
This is more from like an investor standpoint. That's interesting. That just came out today. It's like alpha investing in Gen Alpha and like what they care about.
00:53:21 Andy Santamaria
Okay, oh yeah, this will be good. This will be really good,
00:53:24 Lauren Kassan
Huh? Um, and then like for this test, I do wonder like we're we're getting on this call with Printify, And I I wonder like the rent like the visualization piece of this, it's showing them come to life. Um, how much we can actually like like they sent me their, I think it was called a SDK. They sent me something to sh to actually like integrate from an API standpoint. Yep. Like would we be able to do that for this test?
00:53:55 Andy Santamaria
Uh, probably yeah. I I would say I would I would do like the answer is obviously yes. Like, i i'm sure i can put this up in in the two weeks and stuff. Um, I you'd have to tell me like what what exactly would be. You'd have to give me a little bit more specific, but like can I integrate Printfy? Absolutely. Um, Are you like? Yeah, if you give me give me a little bit more detail on it.
00:54:22 Lauren Kassan
I would give you like, here's the five like, here's what we want integrated. Yes.
00:54:26 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, like I can definitely integrate Printfy is the short answer. Um. 
00:54:33 Lauren Kassan
Okay, Now, I am going to send you one more thing that I think you should look at. Um, why is this guy like ghosted me? Like sent him all my stuff like because I want him to be an advisor, and then he just ghosted me. Hopefully, he doesn't go do it. Um, okay, all right, let's see. Like this is just another like, Kind of use case that's interesting. Oh yeah,
00:55:03 Andy Santamaria
I read thisum and I definitely incorporated this into the proposal because, yeah it was a good. It was just very helpful for me to like get my head, get closer to like your your your brain, where like I was like yeah.
00:55:19 Lauren Kassan
And, my last question would be to you, what like, is there a product just for this two week sprint, even you're like at the end of this? Here's like. Like, just if I'm comparing it to something or think about it as you're going to see the stand version of X. Okay. Just so I can visualize it, like is there something specific that you would say?
00:55:42 Andy Santamaria
Um, I, I don't know the answer. I mean, I don't know the, I don't know if I could give it in in those terms, but it's like, It'll it'll be a real like it's just a real fully functioning app. It's gonna have like you're gonna have a dashboard as as an ad like Lauren will have a dashboard to like track the usage. It'll be as real, it's as real as it gets. I mean the the user can do the entire user journey, they're gonna have the promised delivery, they're gonna be able to show their parents this thing. They will be able to, I mean, they will be able to like have the the experience that is is everything that's like the absolute start, which is.
00:56:25 Andy Santamaria
The start of what is needed to, to be something like, prolific. Is the answer right? Um. Yeah.
00:56:32 Lauren Kassan
The And, do you find on when you were you know building this type of prototype, Is the actual foundation for what the ultimate app slash platform could be? Or do you find Like? That's where I'm like. It can't be like if you go to an agency, what they quote you to build. This isn't ten thousand dollars.
00:56:52 Andy Santamaria
No it'd be it'd be yeah. Yeah. Uh, well, so agencies I work. I mean, I've worked for them and like, yeah, I they're they have overhead and like bureaucracy. Like their model has to like add stuff on top of stuff. Like so their model is like not great. Um And. At the end of the day, they are They're like a hired gun, basically too right? They're gonna You just like, I want this They'll be like amazing more hours billed cool. We'd love to do that for you. Like absolutely Um.
00:57:23 Andy Santamaria
Like my approach to a lot of this stuff, if I can be is like a lot more. I am going to try to be collaborative, and like I will try to give you like real. Like I want stuff to, I want to win also. Like, I want this to be something that I am proud of. Like, I don't want, to be like, oh you know like so. Am going gonna try to influence that um this is definitely. Like I said it like. This is definitely. 
00:57:52 Andy Santamaria
This is what I would do, like if I was gonna go build this. Like, this is the approach that I would take. Like, I would go hire David. I would go build this myself and and then I would go hire cause I don't know anything about marketing. I'd hire like i'd pay, i'd pay a Lauren or somebody that like i could like an advisor that's like cool. i don't know anything about this stuff, Like help me do that part, but i can build it. And this is what i would probably do um. And I and I would do this exact thing. I would go out for all out for two weeks. I'd just like clear the schedule so that I can give it to somebody because everything there's like such a moment that shifts when you're building, then when you give it to someone and they don't live in the world that you do, so they see something completely different and they're like, what about this? And you're like, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I didn't see that. Of course you think that way. And it's just not possible until you kind of ship.
00:58:46 Andy Santamaria
So, yeah, this is this is definitely. I mean, this is what I would do. Uh, and yeah, and I wouldn't do an agency because it's going to take too long. And it's not. Yeah, it's not like the value of like the interests aren't really aligned. Um Because again, What I am setting you up to do is hopefully like I am setting up to to like to win. And then eventually just like hire stuff, like hire people like when you are ready. And. An agency doesn't really ever want to do that. Like they don't really want you to hire, um, somebody full time because it'll take away.
00:59:20 Lauren Kassan
Yep. And you'll you'll help me find that person.
00:59:23 Andy Santamaria
Oh yeah. Like, if you yeah again, like that's why that's why I think this is a good model. Um and the thing that's great is like there's a chance that I know who this person is alreadyum I just don't know yet, like when that time isum and so like. 
00:59:38 Lauren Kassan
What is one person cause I have to send uh my model to somebody to an investor. Oh, Yeah.
00:59:44 Lauren Kassan
Sure, I can tell you exactly what the cost would be, And how many of those people I would need.
00:59:49 Andy Santamaria
It's called a founding engineer. They're going to be. I can tell that you are going to want a certain profile. They're going to be probably one hundred and eighty k a year. They can be in L A; they'll probably live in L A. You should ideally, you will probably i don't know what part of l a you are in, but like you should probably get a space at some point, like You'll get a spaceum. And you'll need one, and then the David. You will probably need a version of David for a long time, um, for like another year. Uh, so I would I would build in like. Like you can call it fractional CTO type stuff. Is. 
01:00:36 Lauren Kassan
That his sort of is that what you would call him? A fractional CTO?
01:00:38 Andy Santamaria
That's what I would That's what I would call him. Well, I mean, I wouldn't call him that yet, but like yeah, that is the function that he's performing. And. So that means like you can pay someone like David a retainer of whatever you decide what the retainer is. But what David does, he's already done the foundation. So like if you guys are integrating a huge curriculum or if you're integrating a new video thing, Like he's going to be involved in the architecture again to make sure that works. If you guys blew balloon and you're like, we got ten thousand users overnight, he's gonna be involved in that part. But then what really he's gonna be involved in very little is anytime a founding engineer or like another engineer pushes up a PR that's like a little bit bigger, like a pull request that's like a little bit bigger. David will review it and you want David to review that. It might take him thirty minutes, you know per per one that does come in. So there's like basically you don't need David forty hours a week. 
01:01:36 Lauren Kassan
So is David teaching now? Is that what he's doing? I am just looking at his.
01:01:39 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, yeah, he's he's working with he's basically working with founding engineers. Um, they're not they're not all at that that level. Um, But like my guess, is that somebody in that network that we that we have is is going to be someone that you could hire. Mhm. Um, yeah, cool. Yeah, Uh but anyway, it it's about it's going to be anywhere between one hundred and fifty to one hundred and eighty k for like that first engineer. They will, you know, they'll have if you are lucky, they'll have five years, but they'll probably have less. But the the key that we've like the key that that like David and I work with Fractalum is that they are insane with like Claude code and stuff like they're insane. Yeah,
01:02:23 Lauren Kassan
That's what we need. You are right.
01:02:24 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, they're insane. And so what they don't have is like I I teach them how to do product stuff. So like all this stuff. I mean, like you can tell, like all this stuff is product stuff that I just showed you. Like I just happen to know how to put this together, like engineering on the code side. But I am going to try to spend more time mentoring people on the product engineering side. I just don't have any time; I haven't had enough time yet. But like, I have two people in mind that I am hoping that are very good at engineering. And like they are curious.
01:02:57 Andy Santamaria
And they're also happen to be very good at talking to people, which is just like very rare for an engineer. Yeah. And so, like, They're like in the they're like the they're like the ones that I am betting on. Like I am going to get them hired some either at my friend's company or maybe yours. So we'll see. Okay, cool. Yeah,
01:03:15 Lauren Kassan
So you love it? Love it? Yeah. Okay, send me the proposal, send me the bios Let'sum I'll I'll reach out, Tomorrow, after I've digested it, And then like the idea would be to start Monday and just go full speed.
01:03:30 Andy Santamaria
Yeah, for sure. That sounds great. I'll send you all this stuff. The very last thing that I'll say isum yeah, basically you already know the price, you already know the timeframe, you know that we're going to go full out. So, if you wanted to look at the deliverables and you're like I want to change something like we might like You can tell me those things that we can. We can go through those. But like there might. I basically gave you a hundred percent, like a hundred percent of my time and effort. Is a hundred percent of like those deliverables. So like if you add anything, even like Printify, like I can sure I can integrate it, but that's gonna be like harder. So yeah, just basically yeah. If you want to like swap stuff out, then maybe something has to go out into the next sprint. Just and yeah that's all um okay.
01:04:14 Andy Santamaria
Okay, cool. Well, thanks for thanks for the time. And, uh, it's been it's been really great kind of learning about this and I'm excited.
01:04:20 Lauren Kassan
Amazing. Okay, I'll look out for this now. Thank you so much and appreciate everything you've done to date For sure.
01:04:26 Andy Santamaria
Have a great afternoon. 
01:04:27 Lauren Kassan
Bye later You too Bye. 
01:04:31 Andy Santamaria
Whoa Whoa Okay hold on. 